
/////Season 1A Episode 1A The pilot is extremely well done. It lays out how the characters bond in future episodes. I don't think anyone could have created a better pilot for this show. It displays remarkable creativity on the writers part. Although not everything was straightened out because it was the very first episode, a lot of events that happen in future seasons were demonstrated in the pilot. An example would be Ross and Rachels future relationship. Even though the nervousness of a first episode appeared, it was overcome by an amazing plot and outstanding cast choice.

Bravo.

A great start to an unbeatable comedy!
/////Season 1A Episode 1A The first episode of Friends certainly gives no indication of greatness following. It's a mile away from being one "Friends" best episode, but as a pilot episode it does a good job of setting the scene and introducing us to the characters

We are introduced to the six main characters room mates Joey Tribianni and Chandler Bing, brother and sister Monica and Ross Gellar, hippy Pheobe Boufay and runaway bride Rachel Green.

Some of the cast come off as awkward and seem to be trying to hard. Matt Le Blanc can be excuses because he was allegedly suffering with a heavy bout of flu.
/////Season 1A Episode 1A In this first episode of Friends, we are introduced to the 6 main characters of the series: Monica Geller,Phoebe Buffay,Chandler Bing,Ross Geller, Joey Tribbiani and eventually Rachel Green .

We discover that Rachel, a rich girl that is Monica's friend from high school times, left her fiancé, Barry, at the altar, since she discovered she didn't love him. She also decides to live with Monica and become independent from her father,getting a new job as a waitress in Central Perk.

Ross, for the other hand,discovered his wife is a lesbian and lost her for Susan, her partner. (We see him moving to a new apartment during the episode)

Monica, in this episode, makes out (and eventually sleeps) with Paul "the wine guy", who gave her the excuse of being impotent since he divorced his wife. But in reality, he was just deceiving her.

Ps: I just loooove Joey's and Chandler's haircuts in this first season! =)
/////Season 1A Episode 1A This pilot episode manages to present a clear and competent structure of the series that would last 10 years and that would be a major phenomena in the history of world television. All characters can bring their characteristics that would last throughout the series. Manias Monica , style silkworm cricket Phoebe , Ross and his loving insecurity , the power of Don Juan 's Joey , the mess of Chandler and Rachel preppy charm of the hardworking . The episode , and present the main characters , has as its central line adaptation of Ross and Rachel after the end of their romantic relationships, despite happen for different reasons , and the relationship Monica with Paul , the wine guy . With a longer duration than the following episodes , this pilot is worth being seen and revised .
/////Season 1A Episode 1A "TOW Monica Gets A Roommate" is an episode that I didn't enjoy too much on a first viewing, and since then, each additional viewing has been an improvement. It does exactly what a pilot should for a sitcom, whilst being a fairly relaxing episode. We begin to understand our main characters reasonably well, we see Ross's obvious crush on Rachel, Chandler's excessive use of sarcasm in everyday life, Phoebe's oddities and Rachel's spoiled behaviour.

The episode has a particularly nice scene towards the end with Ross and Rachel, a funny opening scene (albeit more in tune with "Seinfeld") and plenty of worthwhile moments throughout.

Worth a watch!
/////Season 1A Episode 1A And that's how the greatest comedy of TV started! It has been 12 years since the very first episode but it has continued with the same spirit till the very last season. Because that's where "Friends" is based: on quotes. Extraordinary situations are taking place among six friends who will never leave from our hearts: Let's say a big thanks to Rachel, Ross, Monica, Joey, Chandler and Phoebe!!! In our first meet, we see how Rachel dumps a guy (in the church, how ... (understand), Monica's search for the "perfect guy" (there is no perfect guy, why all you women are obsessed with that???), and how your marriage can be ruined when the partner of your life discovers that she's a lesbian. Till we meet Joey, Phoebe and Chandler in the next episodes... ENJOY FRIENDS!
/////Season 1A Episode 1A I have to say, I think the new IMDb format for television shows is fantastic insofar that you can comment on individual episodes! (The rest of the format I will simply say is less pleasing, but hopefully bugs will be tweaked with later on down the road.) Anyway, this was the very first episode of "Friends" (the pilot), in which Monica gets a roommate, Rachel. Rachel was old friends with Monica and Monica's brother Ross. Ross had feelings for Rachel and is put in an awkward position when she returns.

As far as this episode compares to later ones - it's flat. The cast isn't confident - Jennifer Aniston in particular looks like she just stepped off the bus for Hollywood and is totally lost.

However, it is a fine setup for the series and any "Friends" fan will certainly derive some type of nostalgic entertainment from it!
/////Season 1A Episode 1A First episode with a few info about so much things ; now we know a glance about every character, Joey the actor, Chandler the funny guy, Monica the one with missed up relationships, Phoebe the simple one, Ross the man who has hard time facing a divorce and Rachel the girl who has uncertain decisions and she is just started to be independent; shall we have much fun with the gang? let's see.
/////Season 1A Episode 1A This is what started the iconic TV series that has lasted 10 years & stuck with loyal fans for 20 years. This what you would want in a first episode. It showed every character, plot & typical jokes that would stay with the show for all the seasons such as : Phoebe's singing, Joey's acting, Ross & Rachel, Chandler's sarcasm. It didn't leave the fans feeling underwhelmed, it is one of the best premiere's of all time. MVP : Rachel Quote : Ross: You know, you probably didn't know this, but back in high school, I had a major crush on you. Rachel: I knew. Ross: You did. Oh... I always figured you just thought I was Monica's geeky older brother. Rachel: I did.
/////Season 1A Episode 1A This is by far not one of Friend's best episodes, but as a pilot it does a great job to introduce the characters. It also shows us that it will become fun, since we find out that Ross's wife turned out to be a lesbian and when Rachel runs into the café wearing a wedding dress.

I really liked one of the last scenes when Ross asks Rachel if there might be a date in the future, I think one already feels their chemistry.

The dialogue is very well done, especially I loved Chandler's great one liners. Matthew Perry's acting is probably the best in this episode. Matt LeBlanc didn't manage the Joey yet.
/////Season 1A Episode 1A This was the beginning of it all! Granted, this is not Friends at its best, but this was the show's pilot, let's not forget and not a bad one at that. We're introduced to the gang and Central Perk, where our story begins. Even from this first episode we get a sign of the Ross-Rachel relationship that will come over the next ten years, when Ross says: 'I just want to be married again' and Rachel storms in with a wedding dress on... probably not intentional as at the time the writers were going for a Monica-Joey relationship but fits nicely now when looking back. Something else.. in this episode Rachel is introduced to Chandler as if the two have never met before but in later episodes, the so-called 'flashbacks' this is contradicted as the two have met on three previous occasions. Nevertheless, the point is this a fine start to a great show. This episode may not be the usual Friends as we are accustomed to them, with the cast still a bit inexperienced but over the next few episodes we see why the show came to be what it was! Keep watching, first season is a blast!!
/////Season 1A Episode 1A I never saw this episode until reruns- I'd never of heard of any of the cast when it was first broadcast so I did not bust a gut making sure I saw it .Looking at it now- it's repeated almost ever other week on the Comedy Channel- it stands up really well and is certainly better than a fair few pilots of now 'classic' comedy shows as well as quite lot of the episodes of the first series of the show proper. The main thread of the show throughout its entire run is introduced in this episode- Ross' love for Rachel- and although the performances of all three of the male principals improved quickly it is remarkable how much the writers nailed their 'characters' from the off- Joey (Matt LeBlanc) the daft, funny Lothario, Chandler Bing (Matthew Perry) wisecracking but slightly insecure and Ross (David Schwimmer)is highly intelligent but a total dope at the same time. Lisa Kudrow as Phoebe is only slightly less well defined than the lads from the off but Rachel (Jennifer Aniston) is much more of a blank canvas in this episode- she is the outsider here and arguably her character went on the longest journey in the show's overall run. The one character who seems different to how she turned out is Monica (Courtney Cox). I felt that as the series wore on she became a serious pain-in-the-bum but in this episode she is almost naive and much more amiably vulnerable than she ever was subsequently. And she is gorgeous -the prettiest of the three young women. As I say I missed this first time around so I cannot say if I thought Friends would be the phenomenon and frequently hilarious classic it became- but it looks pretty good 21 years on.
/////Season 1A Episode 1A Ross and Rachel have a very bad day. They're both going through bad relationship breakups. Rachel leaves her fiancé at the altar when she realizes she doesn't love him, and Ross is recovering from a recent divorce. Having no place to stay, Monica suggests she moves in with her and the guys.

I was quite critical of Friends earlier in my life. I couldn't warm up to the characters, the humor didn't totally click and it just didn't stand out as a particularly innovative show. However, I only actually saw one episode in full (and I didn't pay attention there anyway, so even that barely counts), and being a fan of sitcoms I wanted to give it one more proper try instead of writing it off just yet.

The first notable thing is how my impression of these characters is completely different this time around. Even though there is some typical "first episode" jitters visible, they have a solid dynamic and you buy how they've known each other for years. The only one new to the group is Rachel, whom I will talk about in a minute.

The person I found the funniest one of the bunch is Joey. Matt LeBlanc really nails the easy-going, chill attitude. The jokes are pretty hit-and-miss as a whole, but most of the lines he get got chuckles out of me, especially his remark when Ross says "Hello" in the most depressing manner possible. He also has a pretty funny speech where instead of "fish in the sea" he uses ice cream flavors as an allegory for how there are women out there for everyone. Chandler has some amusing lines too.

Phoebe's role as the wacky one needs some finetuning, but she has her moments.

Monica doesn't really get anything funny to work with, but has a likable energy.

As controversial of a character Ross seems to be, he's not so bad here. You sympathize with his plight and he has a cute scene with Rachel towards the end. It kinda surprises me how quickly they consider the possibility of pairing these two together. I'm used to The X-Files where Mulder and Scully take 7 freaking seasons to kiss and when Scully gets pregnant he only donates his sperm instead of actually having sex with her.

Luckily, the circumstances don't make it seem that farfetched. You can understand Rach feeling flattered Ross has had a longtime crush on her, and for him to ask her out so soon shows some real guts. Although this does beg the question: How come that earlier when Monica introduced her friends to Rachel, Ross didn't admit that he recognizes her? Eh, maybe he's embarrassed.

Besides that scene at the end though, Jennifer Aniston is the weakest point so far. Her acting looks very forced, and overdoes her lines much more compared to the rest of the cast. She's good in the aforementioned scene though, so maybe her strongest suit is sublety. However, this is the pilot we are talking about after all, so maybe her comedic chops improve eventually.

Some of the humor is pretty good, but when a joke fails I just kinda sit there with a confused expression. The constant repeating of "Paul The Wine Guy" is a very cliché bit and especially doesn't work when we don't get much of an insight to why he is called that. It feels like the leadup to a punchline that never comes. Chandler mocking Joey for acting in Pinocchio would probably make someone else fall out of their chair, but I personally just found it silly.

In conclusion, this is a somewhat imperfect start, but still good. Laverne & Shirley didn't start off with a bang either, it took a couple episodes before I really started loving Shirley for instance. With some polishing, this could turn out to be a better series than I first took it for.
/////Season 1A Episode 1A Pretty good starting episode, it even gets better throughout the season. Although I thought the introduction of the characters could have been more extensive. I rate it an 8 out of 10.
/////Season 1A Episode 1A The first episode of a series is a crucial element to whether or not it's going to be popular. And this episode made sure everyone was going to love Friends. And it worked. On me, anyway. Because I love this episode.

In this episode, we meet the six main characters of Friends. Joey, Monica, Phoebe, Chandler and Joey. Then Monica's high school friend, Rachel, shows up, needing a friend. She had just left a man at the aisle, and needed someone to talk to. To get away from it all. Monica lets Rachel stay with her and Rachel starts to realize how hard life is without money. As her father cut her off, after the non-wedding. Ross is just getting out of a relationship with his ex-wife, Carol. Carol discovered that she was a lesbian. So obviously, they couldn't stay together. Joey and Chandler are roommates and live across the hall from Monica, and now Rachel. Ross had, had a huge crush on Rachel when they were teenagers and is really happy that she's back in his life. The gang all hang out at a local coffee shop, Central Perk. Awesome name for a coffee store in New York City, by the way. Lots of stuff happens in this episode. It is a great first episode. It makes you want to watch every episode right that second.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10.
/////Season 1A Episode 1A I am again start to watch this series. I finished it 1 year ago. I don't know i will finished or not but i will download it on my device and watch it whenever I feel bored. I will watch serially whenever i will finished.
/////Season 1A Episode 1A Best Sitcom Ever, chAndler is the best charachter in a sitcom
/////Season 1A Episode 1A Friends is over-bloated by quick punch-lines and a soap-opera style plot line that is heavily indebted to Seinfeld for its conversational approach to hot topics like sex and relationships and for a story that actually develops and introduces a slew of guest appearances under the guise of "dates". Jennifer Anniston comes off very underwhelming and never really sells the rather boring and cliché lines she is given to explain her leaving at the altar and moving into the apartment bloc. The show would start to find its niche and chemistry in later seasons, but this first episode showed enough potential for NBC to bite on it. This is very forced and very unrealistic stuff, not as brilliant or hard-hitting as some would like us to believe. Very humble origins indeed.
/////Season 1A Episode 1A In the very first episode of Friends, which aired 22 Sept 1994 "The One Where Monica Gets A Roommate" there is a song playing as Rachel sits in the window towards the end of the show, the line that plays is: "If you ever need holding".... does anyone know the artist singing or the title of the song? It is seems as if it is a great song....I would love to get a copy of it. Thanks for the assistance. I am looking for the album/cd it is on so I can purchase it.

I have the shows which are available for purchase and enjoy this show over and over again. It just seemed to be believable...thanks for the hours of entertainment you have provided over the years.
/////Season 1A Episode 1A Pilots are never easy, especially for comedy shows, but Friends starts off really solidly and shows glimpses of its future brilliance. The dialogue is fantastic from the very first scene, with Chandler being immediately hilarious and the back and forth between the characters flowing really well. Monica's subplot establishes her ongoing struggle to find romance nicely and is helped by Courtney Cox's great performance, which stands out from the rest of the cast. Twenty minutes isn't really long enough to properly establish 6 characters in depth, with Phoebe and particularly Joey being the ones who are sidelined in this opening episode, and Rachel's introduction is done somewhat awkwardly. Ultimately I may be looking back on this episode with rose-tinted glasses due to my attachment to the characters and knowing what is to come, but I genuinely believe that its a good, funny pilot that lays the groundwork for the rest of the series and immediately endears you to some of the characters.
/////Season 1A Episode 1A I think it was a beautiful start, to such a legendary show. I think this has been a finest selection of the cast and the story line and dialogues are so good that you can actually connect really well. I think everyone after watching this would wanna have friends like these and have a life like this. Great job with the director and more than him a great hoot out to the story writers.
/////Season 1A Episode 1A This episode is a decent introduction to the characters and the show's concept. However, it might be a bit hard to get fully involved at the beginning.
/////Season 1A Episode 1A I didn't think it was funny but it must have been because they played the laugh track a lot
/////Season 1A Episode 2A This episode continues with introducing characters, this time the supportive ones. We get to know Ross's ex wife Caron and her new girlfriend Susan, Ross's and Monica's parents and Barry

They put more into lesbian ex wife story by making Carol pregnant and creating a complicated situation for Ross.

One of the most hilarious scenes is that where Judy and Jack Geller are having a dinner with Monica and Ross. Special credit for this goes to Elliot Gould (Jack Geller) and the authors of the script. Cortney Cox also shines in this scene and we really get to know a lot about Monica's and Ross's childhood in a pretty short time
/////Season 1A Episode 2A Everyone has on the same clothes in the beginning of the episode as they had on in the ending of the episode of "The One with the Thumb" S1-E3
/////Season 1A Episode 2A Poor Ross is forced to deal with another curveball coming his way. Not only is his ex wife Carol a Lesbian, but she's now pregnant, with Ross being the Father. Ross is offended that they want to name their child after Carol & her Lesbian lover's name. Meanwhile, Monica is forced to entertain her parents for the night, and stresses out Monica. Monica is desperate to get the attention off of her for a change from her parents. Rachel chooses to return her engagement ring back to her ex fiancé Barry (The man she decided to split on at the altar) Rachel expects a teary goodbye, but finds out that Barry is in love with the made of honor Mindy. This was pretty enjoyable stuff. I leaned towards Monica's situation the most. My Mother doesn't understand me either, and is rather snooty, just like Monica's Mom is. The focus is always on me when I visit, so I really felt for Monica in this one. It was also starting to show the signs that made this show such a classic. It takes a dig at another famous sitcom Three's Company, essentially saying every episode is the same, in a different way. I'm a Three's Company fan myself, but it was admittedly funny. The Ross & Rachel saga also began to heat up just a tad in this one. You can tell things were going to pick up with those two at the end. This is a really fun episode. Friends fans will enjoy it very much

8.2/10
/////Season 1A Episode 2A This episode is easily one of my favorites I can't believe it only got a 8/10 it should've gotten a minimum of 8.5.
/////Season 1A Episode 2A More details about the characters; Monica was a chubby!!, the Geller prefer Ross, who has just a major event in his life being a near future father; Rachel seems to getting over her past well.
/////Season 1A Episode 2A This second episode continues the pace of the previous episode , focusing on issues of broken relationships of Ross and Rachel . While Ross gets a bombshell Carol , his lesbian ex - wife, Rachel must confront Barry , her boyfriend was left at the altar , and deliver the wedding . Parallel Monica gets her parents in her apartment for a family dinner , but gets nervous about facing your critics and has the support of Ross to divide the attention of their parents . The episode begins in Central Perk , where the group of friends discuss the importance that women give to kiss in counterpoint to highlight that men give sex . Interesting is to check the first appearance of Gunther , but no speech, only appears as an extra in Central Perk .
/////Season 1A Episode 2A Although this episode is not the best. It still did it's job. It's what you would expect when it's about the worst character : Ross (in my opinion.) but, even he did well. The best characters were probably Monica & Ross's parents in this one. But Ross held the episode strong with his main plot. MVP : Judy/Jack Geller. Quotes : "Judy Geller: Well, at least she had the chance to leave a man at the altar. Monica Geller: What's that supposed to mean? Judy Geller: Nothing. It's an expression. Monica Geller: No, it's not. Jack Geller: Don't listen to your mother. You're independent and you always have been. Even when you were a kid, and you were chubby and you had no friends, you were just fine! And your'd read alone in your room, and your puzzles..."
/////Season 1A Episode 2A I really like this episode. It's really funny. The only thing that annoys me is when they change actors or actresses. In this episode, the woman who plays Carol isn't the woman who plays her in every other episode, from this one on.

In this episode, Rachel is still getting on her own two feet and decides to give Barry, her ex- fiancé, his ring back. When she goes to return it, she found out that Barry went on their honeymoon with Rachel's Maid Of Honor, Mindy. I can clearly say that, that friendship is over. Monica and Ross's parents come over for dinner and that makes Monica really stressed. Her mother is very critical of her. Everything she does good, her mother points out the bad. How rude. At the end of the episode, Ross finds out that Carol, his lesbian ex-wife is pregnant with his child. He gets very upset when he learns that Carol and her lover, Susan don't want to give the child his last name. But instead, give it their lasts names. That seems really rude. I mean, I don't like Ross, but for once, I'm on his side. Not only is that rude to cut him out of the name entirely, but to not even discuss it first, come on.

Overall, I give this episode a 7 out of 10.
/////Season 1A Episode 2A Let's just say there are so many better friends episodes than this one. I didn't find this funny. But still one should keep going with the series because it definitely gets better. The ending with the baby's ultra violet was very sweet and heart worming. The part with parents was cute too.
/////Season 1A Episode 2A Tour de force of nuance acting for David Schwimmer. Plays the role of an awkward post graduate academic and lovable social buffoon struggling to come to terms with the "real- world" with an understated charm despite the weak acting of the girl playing Carol and a ridiculously silly lesbian story-line straight out of the writing of Seinfeld, but done with far less irony or wit and far more emphasis on setting up a soap opera like story ark for the entire season to fall back on for countless emasculating jokes about Ross. The one liners are much punchier and satirical here, delivered with a stronger gusto than the pilot, especially by Matthew Perry. Elliott Gould and Christina Pickles make a great appearance as semi-neurotic parents overly obsessed with their children finding a permanent relationship and having kids. Shows more extensive attention to editing and tighter, more compact writing than the Pilot and Jennifer Anniston makes a dramatic leap in improving the range of her acting chops in the extended period of time between shooting the pilot and this episode.
/////Season 1A Episode 2A The second episode of "Friends" continues on from the pilot and continues to deals with Ross's broken marriage and Rachel's failed wedding.

It also introduces us to some more new characters, we meet Ross's ex wife Carol and her new lesbian partner Carol, Rachel's former fiancée Barry and also Ross and Monica's parents too. And interestingly we get our first look at Gunther, he doesn't speak, he is just in the background at Central Park and we hear about the "ugly naked guy" for the first time too.

It's a drop in quality from the pilot, but all the cast are a bit better. Elliot Gould knocks it out of the park as Ross and Monica's Dad.

We also have a new opening featuring several scenes from episodes mixed in with the original opening of the gang in the fountain.
/////Season 1A Episode 2A It's good of them to have a laugh track so you know what bits are allegedly funny
/////Season 1A Episode 3A After a substandard episode, the show is back on track.

Plot In A Paragraph: Monica is reluctant to introduce her new boyfriend, Alan, to her friends because they've made fun of all of the previous boyfriends they've met before. To her surprise, they love Alan. Chandler starts smoking again and Phoebe encounters a problem with her bank account, when a bank error in her favour nets her $1,000. She gives the money away to a homeless friend, who in turn buys her a can of soda. When Phoebe opens it, she sees a severed thumb, so the soda company gives her $7,000.

One bit a bit picking and it really is not picking, all of the others faults Chandler picks out, were never seen before, and never were again.

The best episode of "Friends" so far.
/////Season 1A Episode 3A In this episode,Monica starts to date a guy named Alan, but after introducing him to her friends, everybody starts to enjoy Alan's company way more than she does.(And the irony of the thing, is that Alan doesn't like them!) Eventually Monica breaks up with him, making everybody depressed.

We discover that Chandler was a smoker in the past, who eventually comes back to his smoking habit after helping Joey to perform a scene with a cigar. (Ps: He stops smoking in the same episode, after talking with Alan on the phone!)

Phoebe is the one who had luck with money : first, she receives U$1,000 from her bank, after seeing a problem in her account ( and she gives all the money to a beggar on the streets!), then, in the same day, she finds out a thumb in her soda and the soda company gives her U$7,000 to avoid a lawsuit.
/////Season 1A Episode 3A Monica is hesitant to introduce her new boyfriend, Alan, to her friends because she is used to her friends making fun of her guys. Alan turns out to be a hit, and the gang becomes rather attached to him. Monica doesn't feel the same way, and calls it off. Phoebe gets a bank error in her favor when she gets 1000$. She inexplicably, yet arguably, generously gives the money to a homeless woman, in return that the woman buys her a can of soda. Phoebe opens the soda, and finds a severed thumb inside of the can, so the soda company gives her 7000$. Meanwhile, Chandler is helping Joey rehearse his lines, but Joey has to smoke for the part. Joey can't handle the cigarette, so Chandler shows him how, only to realize how much he's missed smoking, and resumes his dirty habit. Chandler's love for cigarettes would become an on and off thing, throughout this series, but this was the first time they ever explored it. The gang also mocks each other's flaws, such as Joey's knuckle cracking, Phoebe's hair biting, Monica's snort when she laughs, and Rachel getting her orders wrong. How I Met Your Mother did a very similar thing in one episode, so I wonder if HIMYM was influenced by this episode? Perhaps it was just coincidental, but it was a thought that appeared in my head. I also loved how they poked fun at clichés when it comes to breakup saying. The Friends song was a bit plain at this juncture, with no clap included as of yet. As much as I love Phoebe's incredibly kind gesture, I don't think i'd be able to give away all that money, unless it was something I felt strongly about. But that's what I love about the Phoebe character. Her zany personality was a huge hit. This is a really memorable episode, filled with laughter and smiles. My only complaint is that Rachel is stuck in the background, with barely anything to do.

9/10
/////Season 1A Episode 3A Matthew Perry and Lisa Kudrow are finally given material to stretch their characters out beyond the arena of the group ensemble and both put forth exceptional acting performances that give some layers to the show beyond Cox, Schwimmer and Anniston and indicate the writers are bulking up their characters with individual nuances and traits that would build to a crescendo in season three with their personalities fleshed out. Show really starts to gel from this point on with less focus on the outside and more on the inter-workings of the main characters and their relationships and how they impact the inner circle of friends. Astrof & Sikowitz flesh out a more youthful, less forced and more spontaneous script that flows more naturally than the first two scripts written by the show creators. Nice step forward for the show.
/////Season 1A Episode 3A I love this episode so much. It's definitely in the Top 5 episodes of Season 1. It's just so funny. The entire first season is. Well, in that case, the entire series is funny. But I like this episode because of the things that happen in it. But that's pretty much why anyone likes any TV show, episode or movie, isn't it?

In this episode, we have two major plot points. The first one was is Chandler trying to quit smoking. He's got a terrible habit and all of his friends want him to stop, desperately. The second plot point is where Phoebe gets money put into her bank account, that she didn't earn. She reports it to the bank, and they give her a bonus $500 and a free football phone. Since she know she didn't earn the money, she gives it to a homeless lady. The lady can't except the money, but Phoebe convinces her to, and in return, the lady would buy Phoebe a soda. And once Phoebe opens that soda, she finds a human thumb inside it. Which gets her even more money, from the company.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10.
/////Season 1A Episode 3A Not the most memorable or will ever be considered one of the great episodes but it's a bit of fun and will keep a smile on your face throughout, which is what season 1 friends is all about.
/////Season 1A Episode 3A A very cute episode the entire part with Alan was super hilarious, the part with Monica interacting with her su chief was also really funny and I think that girl did a great job. Alan did a great job and the story line was just superb. I think it was one of the best episode from this season. Even how the stories went going parallel with Phoebe and Chandler was very nice. The dialogues like always were great.
/////Season 1A Episode 3A The very first scene where they talk about the dating language is hilarious. "'You are such a nice guy' means 'I will be dating leather wearing alcoholics and complain about them to YOU'" lol

I also liked the little scene where Chandler was smoking at work. Very creative! Btw, it was funny to see his work computer, this really makes one realize that this episode is almost 20 years old!

I didn't really like the storyline with Monica's boyfriend Alan. The only good part about it was how at the end it turns out that he hated them all.But I didn't like the way the cast was acting in it

Another good thing about this episode is that we got to know more about Phoebe and her crazy way to look at things.
/////Season 1A Episode 3A A good episode with a lot of comedy in it; the gang support Chandler quitting smoking is too pretty also; Phoebe character is so good, I loved it; Monica and a lot of broken relationships again.
/////Season 1A Episode 3A I like the bit with the laugh track so you know what's funny
/////Season 1A Episode 4A In the fourth episode, We discover that Ross lost his virginity with Carol. He stays the entire episode remembering their anniversary of losing his virginity, so Chandler and Joey decide to take him to a hockey game to cheer him up. ( He gets hurt in this episode because of a hockey disc, so we see funny moments in the hospital with our three main guys!)

Monica, Phoebe and Rachel get George Stephanopoulos' pizza by mistake, and they stay spying the hot politician while talking about their personal opinions about Chandler, Ross and Joey.

In this episode, Rachel receives her first salary, and for her disappointment, it is not exactly what she imagined to be. ( All FICA's fault..LoL) She feels even more frustrated after seeing her rich friends, since each one of the girls has interesting news about their lives.
/////Season 1A Episode 4A A transition episode written by Alexa Junge that relies mostly on one liners and pop culture inside jokes rather than plot, this one serves a solid purpose in sketching out the characters a bit more and giving the audience a bit more background on the life and relationship dynamic of Ross in particular before the pilot that makes his awkwardness and lack of self confidence seem endearing and warming to the female audience of the show. Neither of the story lines really come alive but do take note of the pizza boy, he's now an excellent and versatile lead and character actor on many a popular TV show in the last twenty years since this aired. Most likely this episode was written in isolation and given the to ahead weeks and months before the writer had any idea how her episode would fit into the overall story arch and that's why you see it lacking in cohesiveness with the previous episodes in forwarding the plot line. Given its circumstantial limitations, this one still has a few memorable comedic scenes, though ends on a ridiculously silly note.
/////Season 1A Episode 4A A great episode. Guys go to a hockey game and the girls spend the night together.

Both Rachel and Ross are upset. Her because she realizes that all people she knows are progressing forward by getting married and promoted while she gets a crappy salary for serving coffee. So she wonders if it was a good decision to leave Barry and become independent from her family. Ross is upset because this is the day he lost his virginity to Carol I like it because both of the problems are a bit of "real life" situations and people can connect. Also the dynamics between the characters is great. For example the scene where the girls sit at the patio and wait for George Stephanopoulus while confessing to each other all the things they did is pretty awesome And there is lots of funny situations and dialogues. The very first scene where they talk about omnipotence is a great word play
/////Season 1A Episode 4A After it's best episode so far, this one falls a bit flat.

Plot In A Paragraph: Joey and Chandler take a depressed Ross to a hockey game to distract him from his problems, but an accident sees them spend the night at the hospital. Rachel is happy to get her first-ever pay-check, till she notices how little is left after taxes. Monica, Phoebe and Rachel get Bill Clinton's hunky PR guy George Stephanopoulos's pizza delivered by mistake, and spend the evening spying on him from Monica's balcony.

We also have a new opening featuring several scenes from episodes mixed in with the original opening of the gang in the fountain.

And the incredible catchy theme tune now has the hand claps inserted in to it.
/////Season 1A Episode 4A Rachel has tough times getting rid of her past but she has magic beans now...a lot of comedy between the girls, the boys help Ross to forget about his first time sex with his ex wife which was his first time ever; so welcome to the Arab world Ross....hhhhh
/////Season 1A Episode 4A The episode was really nice, the starting with Ross being all depressed and Joey and Chandler reacting the opposite way and taking him for the match was really nice. The scene with Rachel meeting her friends was also nice and the second half with the guys at the hospital and girls depressing over was funny.
/////Season 1A Episode 4A I enjoy this episode. It's funny, but not one of my favorite episodes of the season, or of the series.

In this episode, Ross is really upset over the anniversary of losing his virginity. And since everything reminds him of his lesbian ex-wife, Carol, Joey and Chandler take him to a hockey game, hoping it would cheer him up. It didn't and the night got even worse when a hockey puck slammed into Ross's face. It was pretty hilarious. And I'm not a person who finds people getting hurt, funny. Only if they're cartoons. But since I hate Ross, it was fun for me. I'm twisted, I know. And when they have to take him to the hospital, it gets even funnier. Meanwhile, Rachel gets her first paycheck, and she gets really upset because the amount is so low. She wants to know who Fica is and why she's getting all her money. I'm sorry if the spelling is incorrect, I don't know how to spell it. So, she starts drinking away her sadness with Rachel and Phoebe and then they order pizza. The pizza guy brings them a pizza, but brings them the wrong one. He brings them George Stephanopoulos's pizza. Who lives across the street, and is apparently a big deal, so they are happy to take his order.

Overall, I give this episode an 8 out of 10.
/////Season 1A Episode 4A I didn't find this show funny but it must have been because the laugh track featured heavily
/////Season 1A Episode 5A The first truly great Friends episode, a fantastic piece of sitcom comedic writing by Jeff Greenstein and Jeff Strauss that isolates all six leads and puts them In duos, one in a restaurant, one a coffee shop and one a laundromat, and then takes bits of everyday urban life and three different points of relationships and cross pollinates them with wit and charm from the accomplice friend. Great bits here, including subtle jokes like Uberweiss. Hip and fresh writing combined with excellent acting and realistic sets. The episode that stated quite clearly that Friends wasn't going to be one and done like many new sitcoms every year on network TV.
/////Season 1A Episode 5A In this episode, we see for the first time Janice, the annoying Chandler's girlfriend who has a bizarre laugh. Chandler wants to get rid of Janice, but he doesn't know how, so Phoebe proposes him to end their current relationships at the same time( I guess I don't need to say that Phoebe ends her relationship perfectly well, while Chandler , in his own words, makes ' the worst break up of history').

Joey wants his ex-girlfriend Angela back, so he invites Monica to go with him on a double date with Angela and her boyfriend Bob. The problem is that he says to Monica that Bob and Angela are brother and sister, so Monica stays terrified with their behavior.

Ross and Rachel go together to a laundry room, where Rachel admits that she has never done laundry before. Funny things happens there (specially all Rachel's clothes staying with the same color!, but the cute moment is to see Ross being kissed by her as a sign of gratitude. :)
/////Season 1A Episode 5A 'Friends' is still finding its feet at this point, pairing up each of the characters and seeing what works/doesn't.

It is also an episode, as another reviewer has said that has a few continuity errors with regards to what has gone before.

As with many a 'Friends' episode, not all of the three stories work. Yes it's nice to see Monica and Joey teamed up, but the story isn't that great.

The other two work much better, with developments on the Ross/Rachel front, and the first appearance of the beloved Janice, played by Maggie Wheeler.

All in all a good episode.
/////Season 1A Episode 5A I absolutely love this episode. It's so funny. I love the that is the first time we see Janice, who is one of my favorite recurring characters, other than Gunther.

In this episode, Chandler, and Phoebe decide to break up with their partners, but when Chandler's girlfriend comes into Central Perk, he has a very tough time actually doing it. Meanwhile, since Ross is so eager (and lame) to hang out with Rachel, he goes to do laundry with her at a laundromat. And Joey sets Monica up with a guy, who is dating the girl Joey wants to date. It sounds complicated, but when you watch it, it makes sense.

Fun Fact: Monica says that Ross never even said when he lost his virginity, however in the episode before this one, it turns out that he had.

Fun Fact: Monica talks about the Underdog balloon getting away, however this did not take place until a few episodes later. It is possible she is talking about another situation, but it is highly unlikely.

Fun Fact: Rachel says she can't even send back soup, however in an episode based before this one, she sends back drinks.

Fun Fact: The first words Janice says are "Oh, my God", which later became her catchphrase.

Fun Fact: When Janice laughed at Chandler's joke for the first time, Maggie Wheeler (who plays Janice) accidentally made a shrill, and annoying laugh, and because of this, it was added to Janice's character.

First appearance of: Janice.

Best part of the episode: Janice.

Worst part of the episode: Ross.

Overall, I give this episode an 8 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Awesome.
/////Season 1A Episode 5A This episode again was a great one with three hilarious stories talking part altogether. Joey and Monica's date was the funniest and undoubtedly Joey has the best expressions. Chandler's breakup was the funniest breakup in the history of the world. The laundry actually looked quite fun and would wanna try doing it myself.
/////Season 1A Episode 5A Another great episode. We are introduceds to Janice when Chandler wants to break up with her. The scene where him and Phoebe do their break ups together is very funny Another great plot line is when Joey lies to Monica and says that the date of the girl he wants is actually her brother. This causes a lot of hilarious joke. There is some inconsistency though when Monica tells her that she doesn't even know when her brother lost his virginity since we know that he did. Usually such inconsistencies don't bother me, but it is just interesting since it happened in the previous episode and not seasons apart And we also have Ross and Rachel go on a laundry "date". Ross is absolutely cute. Especially when Chandler tells him that he should reconsider bringing his dirty underwear since it will be the first time Rachel sees it.
/////Season 1A Episode 5A Plot In A Paragraph: Pheobe and Chandler decide to dump their partners together in Central Perk, but Chandler drinks too much espresso while trying to break up with his girlfriend Janice. Keen to spend time with Rachel, Ross pretends his building's washroom is out of order so he can join her at the laundromat. Rachel, feels that managing this domestic chore is a real step to independence. Meanwhile Joey regrets dumping sexy Angela when he learns she is dating Bob. He proposes a double-date, with his "new girlfriend" Monica. She agrees to go because he lies saying Bob is Angela's brother.

The best episode so far for Matthew Perry (Chandler) and Matt Le Blanc (Joey) both do really well here. I found the story slowed down when it was with Ross and Rachel, who shared their first kiss. We also get our first introduction to Janice.
/////Season 1A Episode 5A In this episode is one of their cutest scenes ever made. Also Phoebes and Chandlers storyline is great here.
/////Season 1A Episode 5A I like the bit with the East German laundry detergent.
/////Season 1A Episode 6A This episode starts with Joey working in a funny play called FREUD!, where he sings a ridiculous (but funny) song. He meets Estelle Leonard, an actor agent, for the first time, and she signs him. He eventually gets hired to be Al Pacino's butt double (And that's one of the funniest moments in the series), but even with such job, he gets fired.

Chandler meets a beautiful Italian woman called Aurora, who he invited to go out with him. She accepts and they start an affair, but the problem is that she is more complicated that he would thought: Besides being married with a guy named Rick, she also has a boyfriend named Ethan!

By the way, in this episode, we see more clearly how Monica is obsessed with cleaning her house and excessively organized and perfectionist with everything.
/////Season 1A Episode 6A Joey is absolutely the star of this episode. The highlights of it are his Freud song in the beginning which is absolutely hilarious, him getting a part in Al Pacino movie as....his butt double! And then losing this part by acting too much with that butt We also meet Estelle, Joeys agent. And we see Monica from her crazy cleaning side. At this part of the show it is still funny since she doesn't become to annoying with it I didn't really like Chandler's storyline. Can't even point the finger on what is wrong with it, but this is something I would rather fast forward through these days. I guess I don't like the actress too much
/////Season 1A Episode 6A And just like that Friends is already pumping out solid and top notch episodes on a weekly basis with only five episodes behind them. It took Seinfeld 10-12 to really find itself. Remarkable achievement, especially with six leads vying for camera time, but it's helped out by yet another excellent script, this time by Adam Chase and Ira Ungerleider. Matthew Perry is given even more room to stretch out in this one and does a magnificent job coming off innocent and scornful, elated and dejected. It's easy to see why he would continue to be a feature actor in movies and other TV shows after the success of Friends. Swiss actress Sofia Milos, a German speaking and ethnically Greek vixen, plays the swinging, liberal and promiscuous Euro stereotype without a fuss and with panache. Friends has already hit its stride in record time.
/////Season 1A Episode 6A In my opinion, first signs of classic elements: Joey "acting" and Monica being obsessive-compulsive. Joey's shower scene as Al Pacino's butt double is hilarious: he tries to express emotion through his butt, but the director does not want it. Monica's scenes involving the slippers lying on the floor are the funniest: she denies being obsessive-compulsive but has to fight with herself to not show signs of it. Chandler's scenes with the woman who has many simultaneous relationships are funny, but nothing classic. They do keep the laughs coming, though. His bumbling introduction of himself to the beautiful woman is hysterical.

The first episodes were nothing special but now the show is starting to shine.
/////Season 1A Episode 6A It was a really hilarious episode with Joey starting the episode with a really funny musical sort of thing and later getting a break into the movies by playing a butt double. The scene in which he was taking a shower was brilliant and the last scene with Monica not able to sleep was also really nice. The girl who was with chandler was really pretty and I'm sure that's one relationship ever guy wants.
/////Season 1A Episode 6A I know what you're thinking. "There's only one episode where Monica is OCD?" I know, you're right. There are many episodes where Monica seems OCD, but this episode is probably the first to really show it. And since I didn't have a better summary title, I thought, "Why not?"

In this episode, Joey's new play isn't what he'd hoped, but he is soon ecstatic about his new role. He gets to be the butt double for Al Pachino, in his new movie. That's pretty cool. Meanwhile, at the play, Chandler meets a girl who he really likes, but once he finds out that she's dating multiple people, and is married, Chandler re-thinks the relationship. Until she says they can just hook up, then he's cool. But then he changes his mind, again. And Monica tries to deal with her obsessiveness, and cleanliness, after Rachel cleans the apartment, and dares Monica not to clean anything her way.

Best part of the episode: Monica.

Overall, I give this episode a 9 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Amazing.
/////Season 1A Episode 6A This episode is amusing in spots but how could joey be so stupid as to lose his job as a butt double? And chandlers brief romance with aurora doesn't make sense is not funny or touching. Not the best
/////Season 1A Episode 6A I like the bit where Monica is a bit funny and something funny happens due to her condition
/////Season 1A Episode 7A Cracking and fresh script by Astrof & Sikowitz that outdoes their first offering by leaps and bounds (The One with the Thumb). A highlight episode that moves the Rachel/Ross story ark further along with an excellent twist while giving Matthew Perry more excellent material to stretch out his outstanding range, with a narrative overdub of his thoughts to boot. The actors are settling into their characters and it shows, Matt Leblanc is particularly compelling in a subtle and rather well done method fashion, delivering a fine balance of straight and slapstick with sincerity. The show had already given new viewers three stellar episodes in just the first seven, most shows are lucky to have that many brilliant episodes in an entire season. Friends has really hits its stride in record time.
/////Season 1A Episode 7A This is the episode where you actually start to like Friends. Before this I was thinking of stop watching friends because it was not looking so great but this episode hold me. If I had watched all the 10 friends seasons 6 times, It wouldn't be possible without this episode.
/////Season 1A Episode 7A This was the best one till now, the talks which Chandler's has with himself were super funny and entertaining. The Joey's talks and relationship advice was again beautiful and super hilarious. The part where Chandler and Joey have there secret telephone conversation was really cool.
/////Season 1A Episode 7A Like every other Friends episode it's hilarious, exiting, and most importantly fresh. It starts off with Chandler in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre. All of a sudden there's a blackout (no electricity), which means they are both going to be stuck there until this gets fixed. This makes way for some hilarious and cringing scenes from the lovable jokester. Elsewhere the rest of the gang are sitting in Monica's candle lighted apartment, asking each other the weirdest place they've had sex. Ross finally gets the courage (with some enthusiam from Joey) to tell Rachel about his feelings for her. All seems to be going well when Ross is just about to tell Rachel how he feels when a cat behind him distracts Rachel and jumps on Ross' back causing mayhem. The owner of the cat turns up in the hallway and gets invited in with the rest of the group. Rachel takes a shine to him and ends up kissing him by the end of night, to Ross' pain.
/////Season 1A Episode 7A I love this episode. It's fantastic. It's funny and smart and has great writing and acting. The blackout idea was very smart and very realistic.

In this episode, New York City experiences a city-wide blackout. Chandler is stuck in an ATM vestibule with a Victoria's Secret model. So, as you can imagine, Chandler is very happy about. He spends the majority of the episode trying to think of something funny or witty to say to her, so that she'll go out with him. Meanwhile, everyone else is stuck in Monica's apartment. Let's face it. If there wasn't a blackout, that's probably where they'd be anyway. Ross decides he's finally going to ask Rachel out, but then a lost cat gets in their way. Phoebe and Rachel return the cat to its owner, who turns out to be an attractive Italian man, Paolo. Ross then feels very rejected because Rachel likes him. That's what you get for waiting too long.

Fun Fact: This episode ties in with episodes from Seinfeld and Man About You. All three aired on the same night on NBC and featured the same blackout.

Fun Fact: First appearance of Mr. Heckles.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Freaking Ridonkulous.
/////Season 1A Episode 7A Mathew perry is just awesome. You can relate his every lines to your own feelings. Great work by the writer of course but the way Mathew portrayed in the scene is excellent. He should have given the prestigious golden globe award for the scene. I'm just 20 watching now far from the actual release of the episode but still I'm enjoying it a lot. Hats off for the sense of humour in 90s, great work by all the FRIENDS Team. Joey Tribbiani and Phoebe Buffay are performing excellent in every episode, Joey's "How you doing" and Phoebe's "smelly cat" are the epic signatures that defines their character. Ross Gellers "Hi" is much funny than his occupation as a palaeontologist. Monica's fatty body is a worth laughing scene. Rachel is really cute and funny. Overall every friend of friends make it a worth watching this TV series.
/////Season 1A Episode 7A This definitely one of the best episodes of the first season.. All the plot lines are interesting. Chandler being stuck in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacker was very funny. Mathew Perry was absolutely brilliant in it, great acting.

And Ross finally decides to talk to Rachel about his feelings. But he is interrupted by a cat. When the cat runs out Rachel goes to look for it and ends up finding the cat's hot owner, Paolo. And we have the dramatic scene of Ross seeing them kissing when the light comes back. Very good story development

And the dialogue in this episode is very well written. Great jokes.
/////Season 1A Episode 7A I watch the series for 5th time. I just can't get enough. I personally love first five seasons, cause it was time where writers are at their finest. And this episode is example of it. the word, concept FRIENDZONE is invented here, and mayor of friend zone too. Some secrets also reveals, that Joey was Monika's crush and phoebes was the second last to know that. And at the end chandler stuck in ATM vestibule with Jill goodacre. I mean that's the fantasy every single boy have in his mind, and it doesn't Matter if its 2017 or 1994. Maybe that is the reason that this show will never getting out of Comedy Central ever.
/////Season 1A Episode 7A I'll be honest I was not a big fan of the show before this episode, it was the turning point. The episode had a lot of emotions in it and was full of punch lines and laughter. Joey introduced us to the term "FRIEND ZONE" in the episode. Chandler and Jill Goodacre had a nice chemistry, their comic timing was phenomenal
/////Season 1A Episode 7A I like how this story has occurred on at least 5 different sit coms
/////Season 1A Episode 8A Extremely rare for a sitcom to deal with the dark subject of death, yet Friends takes the subject on head first in its eighth episode. The original creators and writers of the show and the first two episodes are at the helm again, pushing the envelope with the common issues of buying a casket, setting up a funeral and cleaning out their house/apartment and force a family to confront the emotional and physical loss of a loved one and their own mortality. Chandler story line makes up the other part, with Perry once again being given space outside his friend network to feature his stellar acting and witty, comedic charm. Second appearance of Ross and Monica's parents, driving home the emotional impact of a lost loved one with a rather touching moment in the closet. The writers are already taking rather remarkable risks for 1990s network television.
/////Season 1A Episode 8A In this episode, Chandler starts to stay worried when everybody ( his friends, his co-workers,etc) says he looks gay. When he asks what it is, everybody says he has ' a quality'.

Paolo stays in contact with Rachel from Italy, giving her presents and calling her from Rome.

Ross and Monica discover that their grandma is dying, and go to the hospital, where they meet their parents. Once there, their grandma is declared dead, but when they are going to see her, she resurrects for some seconds, making everybody stays terrified.

She dies as fast as she resurrects, and in her funeral, we see Ross high of painkillers (he fell down in an open grave!) and Monica's mother for the first time, looking like her mother, being nice to her.
/////Season 1A Episode 8A After a co-worker thinks that Chandler is gay, he returns home/the girls apartment, where all 6 are hanging out. He appears stressed and confused and asks the others if they thought he was gay when they first met him. While all three girls agree that they actually DID think he was, the two guys both claimed that they did NOT think that.

During later episodes, showing flashbacks, Monica actually had a huge crush on him and became very upset when she overheard him laughing about it and making fun of her weight when she first met him. In my opinion this would indicate that she did NOT think that he was gay.

On the flip side, when they show Chandler interviewing Joey as a potential roommate, Joey states that he wanted it known the he was 'OK with the whole 'gay thing' ". Indicating, again in my opinion, that he actually DID think that Chandler was gay.
/////Season 1A Episode 8A I like this episode a lot. It's really funny, but really sad as well. Because even though Monica and Ross's grandmother isn't a regular character, it's still sad that she died.

In this episode, Chandler is shocked and crushed to find out that people he works with think he's gay. He asks his friends if they ever thought that, and when he finds out that they also thought he was gay when they first met him, he is crushed all over again. Meanwhile, Monica and Ross's Nana goes to hospital and is pronounced dead. Only to have her not be dead, but then really die.

Overall, I give this episode a 7 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Great.
/////Season 1A Episode 8A Best part of this episode is the second plot line. The one about Chandler being confused for being gay and trying to figure out what this quality that everyone talks about it is. ("Is this my hair?" "Yes, thats it Chandler. You have homosexual hair" lol)

The main ploy with Nana dying is kind of boring. Most of the jokes are pretty lame and tired. Which is sad since it had lots of potential. I think the best is when Ross falls into a grave and sees all his friends looking into a grave. A pretty morbid joke, lol. And when he takes the drugs he gets all high and it is pretty funny when he tells Chandler he doesn't care of he is gay
/////Season 1A Episode 8A This episode had some high points, but overall, it just fell flat. It was too boring for the most part as the writers tried to tackle some dramatic plot points. I am all for drama in comedy, the show does it VERY well in later seasons, but this episode didn't make me feel sad, thoughtful, etc. I just felt bored. And honestly, some of the writing (this is rare for Friends) was cringy. The only plotline that had any interest to me was Chandler's.
/////Season 1A Episode 8A I haven't seen any death on screen with so much wit and laughs. The beginning of this episode itself is beautiful with Chander having a quality which makes him appear gay, and the hospital scene with Ross and Monica's Grandmother passing by. This for sure has been the best funeral ever telecasted on television, it's super hilarious with Joey watching the match and Ross getting high on medicine.
/////Season 1A Episode 8A The generous laugh track more than makes cup for lack or anything funny happening
/////Season 1A Episode 8A Why a ham at a shiva... and just any cemetery, not a Jewish one?
/////Season 1A Episode 9A _____FRIENDS (1994)_____

-----Season One. Episode Nine.-----

The One Where Underdog Gets Away...while Ross tries to sing for his son...

An interesting plot where everybody gets his initial plans spoiled and they have to make do however they can.

While Ross is trying to sing to his son, jealous of his ex-wife´s new mate, while he is still in his mother´s belly, the gang is trying to prepare a Thanksgiving reunion with exception of Rachel who is going to take a plane. With exception of Chandler, all of them have big expectations for the day; Monica prepares three different kinds of potatoes according to the group´s requests, Joey just got happy he appears in health ads all over the town but he repents afterwards and before everything starts, they get up to the top of the building to see a giant balloon of "Underdog" that happens to be magically levitating over the city...a show no one could resist...or at least no one from this happily slightly childish group of FRIENDS!

To have gone to the roof to see the giant Underdog´s balloon will change everything for the gang...for better or worse; let´s hope it´s for better !!!!!

IMDb Review written by David del Real.

2018.
/////Season 1A Episode 9A I love this episode. It's one of my all-time favorite episodes from this season and the entire series. As well as one of my favorite Thanksgiving and themed episodes.

In this episode, it's Thanksgiving and everyone has plans. Monica and Ross were meant to spend the holiday with their parents, but they decided to go on vacation, so Monica decides to do Thanksgiving at her apartment. Which disappoints Ross. Rachel was meant to go skiing in Vail and Joey was meant to spend Thanksgiving with his family. But Joey did a health ad which makes his family think he has a V.D. But when the Underdog balloon in the parade gets loose, they want to see, which leads them to get locked out of the apartment and Rachel misses her flight. Everyone gets mad saying how this was no one's first choice, which makes Monica furious, as you can understand. I mean, she's going to the trouble of doing everything the way everyone likes it and they are so ungrateful. Especially Ross.

Best part of the episode: When everyone's fighting out in the hall.

Worst part of the episode: Ross's ungrateful attitude.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Freaking Ridonkulous.
/////Season 1A Episode 9A Monica, and Ross decide to have Thanks giving dinner in Monica's apartment, since their parents went to Porto Rico. Phoebe joins them, since she is the only one free in the holiday.

Everybody has an idea for Thanks Giving, but one by one, they join Monica , Phoebe and Ross at Monica's:

Rachel wanted to visit her family in Vail, but loses her flight; Joey takes pictures for the free clinic, but since the pictures ends up being for venereal disease, his family avoids him, thinking he has V.D; and Chandler just don't celebrate Thanks Giving, since it was the holiday his parents decided to divorce. ( But in the episode, he decides to change that, celebrating with all his friends in the end of the episode)

Ps: So funny to see Ross talking to Carol's big belly!
/////Season 1A Episode 9A This episode is again amazing, this one talks about Thanksgiving and how everyone's primarily plans for the holiday fail to happen and they all end up having a great time together. This episode like all other episodes have a dozen of funny moments and the one with Joey's posters is undoubtedly the best.
/////Season 1A Episode 9A A great thanksgiving episode. Everyone is free on Thanksgiving and Monica makes her first dinner for her Friends. This goes a bot complicated since they all want the kind of potatoes their mom made and Monica tries her best to make everyone happy. It gets even worse when they get locked out of the apartment and the dinner gets burned The story of Ross talking to Carol's stomach because Susan does it is very funny as well. The rivalry between him and Susan is actually very cute. And it also bring some sweet family moments when the baby kicks And Joey's story with him getting the VD in the commercial is pretty funny as well.
/////Season 1A Episode 9A Plot In A Paragraph: When everyone's plans fall through Monica (Courtney Cox) hosts a Thanksgiving dinner, but things go awry when everyone gets locked out of the girls apartment.

We meet the owner of Central Perk, a guy named Terry (no surname). We also get a new actress playing Carol, Ross's ex-wife (Jane Sibbett)

Not a great episode, but it had it's moments, Joey's "disease" was funny, and a great excuse to have a Police song to be used, a bit of Sting and Co is never a bad thing.

I thin a lot of effort must have went in to making this look real, as Courtney Cox looked very cold in the scene in the hallway after they have been on the roof
/////Season 1A Episode 9A Hilarious episode. Or at least the laugh track would make you think so
/////Season 1A Episode 10 In this episode, Ross adopts a cute little monkey that he calls Marcel, since he feels lonely without Carol in home.

All of the friends main characters decide to stay together in new years eve party, without any boyfriend or girlfriend, but one by one they start to break their promise, with exception of Ross.

This is the episode that Phoebe meets David, the scientist that she falls in love. They spend their days together and start to date,but David and his friend Max (another scientist) are invited to stay 3 years in Minsk with all their expenses pay,needing to got in the first day of January. Phoebe tells David that is important to him to go, and they don't spend the New's Year together.

All friends eventually end the New's Year eve party discouraged, and the scene where Joey kisses Chandler in the end is incredible funny!
/////Season 1A Episode 10 I really enjoy this episode. There are a lot of different story lines going on, but thankfully, it's easy to understand it all and follow along.

In this episode, Ross is tired of living alone so he gets a companion, not a woman because he could never get a woman, or shouldn't be able to. He gets a monkey, Marcel, which freaks Monica out because of the fact that he's unhygienic. Meanwhile, Chandler makes a pact with everyone to not kiss someone on New Years Eve, and everyone agrees. But when Paolo returns early from Rome, Monica invites Fun Bobby, and Chandler invites his ex- girlfriend Janice, everything changes. And Phoebe's scientist boyfriend, David, has to go to Minsk for research.

Best part of the episode: When Phoebe finds out that David has to leave.

Worst part of the episode: Paolo.

Overall, I give this episode a 7 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Great.
/////Season 1A Episode 10 I am not a big fan of the monkey storyline. But in the first episode it is not annoying yet and the monkey itself is pretty cute The best part is Phoebe's relationship with David. She has to let him go because if he stays with her he will miss the dream of his life to work in Minsk. So while they have been together for only one episode it is a very memorable relationship and the breaking up scene is very touching Other than that we get a few laughs from the dates the rest of the gang brings to the New Years party. Chandler's Janice, Fun Bob whop is all upset because he grandma died and Rachel fighting for a cab when Paolo misses his flight to her.

And Chandler getting a kiss from Joey at the end is classic
/////Season 1A Episode 10 After a Thanksgiving episode we get a New Years Eve episode.

Plot In A Paragraph: The gang make a pact not to take any dated to a New Years Eve party at Monica and Rachel's. But one by one the all break it except Ross. Rachel (Jennifer Aniston) has her new boyfriend Paulo flying in, Pheobe (Lisa Kudrow) starts dating a scientist (Hank Azaria) who she wants to take, Chandler (Matthew Perry) runs to his safety net of Janice (Maggie Wheeler) Joey (Matt Le Blanc) invites and single mum he just met whilst Monica (Courtney Cox) invited her old boyfriend fun Bobby!

Another so so episode, Maggie Wheeler is always fun as Chandlers annoying girlfriend Janice. Jennifer Aniston joins Courtney Cox in being very cold in this episode.
/////Season 1A Episode 10 Great Episode as Always,this one is funny and heart warming and Remarkable and Ross having a monkey wow what a great addition
/////Season 1A Episode 10 This episode is very familiar to the previous episode of Friends, in this one also everyone makes a plan not to kiss anyone at the New Year's Eve which was changed to everyone getting a date to kiss on the New Year's Eve. Just like the last episode the plan again failed and they spent the New Years Eve with each other. The ending was great with Joey kissing Chandler.
/////Season 1A Episode 10 Ha ha lol. This is the episode where Ross gets a monkey. Ha ha lol
/////Season 1A Episode 10 Minsk is not in Russia, it's the capital of Belarus. I'm surprised how people who write screenplay don't check information before airing the show.
/////Season 1A Episode 11 In this episode we see a different side to the chandler character very well played by Canadian actor Matthew Perry who displays extreme embarrassment at her mom being a successful novelist but don't you dare kiss her! Morgan Fairchild should have been in more episodes
/////Season 1A Episode 11 Chandler's mom visits this group of friends, who happens to be a best selling author and a very gorgeous lady herself. They all meet her for dinner where Ross kissed her and that's when things become funny and ugly. Joey trying to prove that her mother too is sexy just made me laugh even more. This episode even has a super hilarious story going on with Monica and Phoebe where they are in love with a guy in coma. The ending with Rachel showing her writing was amazingly funny.
/////Season 1A Episode 11 In this episode we meet Chandler's mom, Nora Bing who is quite a character. This episode shows us very well how she has embarrassed Chandler throughout his life and she does it now again by making out with Ross, the "motherkisser", who was very upset at that time

We alsoget laughs from Joey trying to convince Ross that his mother is a hotwoman too and Rachel's attempt to write an erotic novel but with manyspelling mistakes that just make everyone laugh

Phoebe and Monica see ahot guy on the street that gets hit by a car and falls into coma. They come to visit him every day and project their view of an ideal man on him. This is done pretty boring, while it was a good idea it was just too stretched and stopped being funny pretty soon
/////Season 1A Episode 11 I enjoyed this episode. It's not one of my favorite episodes of the series, or even the series. In fact, it's probably one of my lowest rated episodes. It has some funny moments. I liked it, but I don't love it.

In this episode, Chandler's Mother, who is a best-selling romance novelist, comes to visit him. She takes everyone out for dinner, and after having too much wine, she kisses Ross. Ew. Meanwhile, Phoebe and Monica see an attractive man get run over and he ends up in a coma. They visit him and wait for him to wake up, so they can ask him out. They both fight over who should get him.

Best part of the episode: The coma scenes.

Worst part of the episode: Ross and Chandler's Mother kissing.

Overall, I give this episode a 6 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Good.
/////Season 1A Episode 11 Normally an episode of "Friends" that prominently features Matthew Perry's Chandler raises the quality, but it's bit the case here.

Plot In A Paragraph: Chandler's (Matthew Perry) flamboyant romance-novelist mother comes to New York to promote her latest book which means he has to ensure a visit, and when they all go out for a meal a Rachel (Jennifer Aniston) brings Paulo which upsets Ross (David Schwimmer) and he gets very drunk, and makes an embarrassing mistake that puts his friendship with Chandler in jeopardy. Meanwhile, Monica (Courtney Cox) and Phoebe (Lisa Kudrow) fight over a guy they accidentally helped put in a coma.

Not a bad episode, just not as good as the four in a row where Perry knocked it out of the park. I'm disappointed Paulo continues to return, as I'm not a fan of his. It's no fault of Cosimo Fuco who does what he can with the character.
/////Season 1A Episode 11 Nice one. Chandlers mum is really hot. I'd give her one
/////Season 1A Episode 12 Plot In A Paragraph: Rachel (Jennifer Aniston) and Paolo's relationship comes to a halt after he gropes Phoebe's (Lisa Kudrow) bum. Ross (David Schwimmer) has a hard time not finding out the sex of his and Carol's baby. Joey (Matt Le Blanc) and Chandler (Matthew Perry) make a decision that will have a massive impact on their future lives as room mates when they get a new table.

After saying I was disappointed the character of Paulo continued to return, as I'm not a fan of his. Through no fault of the actor playing him Cosimo Fuco did what he could, but I just never took to the character. He exits stage left and this reviewer for one won't miss him, and at least the actor went out having fun. Now they can move forward with Ross and Rachel.
/////Season 1A Episode 12 In this episode, Rachel decides to make a big step in her relationship with Paolo, and invites him to spend the weekend in her sister's house, in Poconos.

Monica makes a lot of Lasagnas that ended up being of no use, since her aunt (that ordered them) is vegetarian. She stays the entire episode giving lasagnas to everybody.

Phoebe tells Rachel that Paolo made a move on her, when she was doing a massage on him, in her work.

Joey and Chandler need to buy a new table, since their table is broken. They ended up buying a football table.

The episode ends with Rachel breaking up with Paolo and Ross finding out that he is going to have a son.
/////Season 1A Episode 12 I really enjoy this episode. It's funny and I love that Rachel and Paolo finally break up. I really hated him. He was so pretentious and annoying. Although, not as pretentious and annoying as Ross is.

In this episode, Phoebe gives Paolo a massage where he gropes her. Because of this, he and Rachel break up. Which makes Ross happy. But Ross is annoyed because he wants to find out the gender of his and Carol's baby. Meanwhile, Joey and Chandler have a lot of fun with their new foosball table. Their kitchen table broke and they decided to get a foosball table instead of one they could actually eat at without trouble. And Monica caters for a party where she has to make a dozen lasagnas.

Fun Fact: Everyone hums the theme song to "The Odd Couple". Years later, Matthew Perry would go on to portray Oscar Madison in the 2015 reboot.

Best part of the episode: When Chandler and Joey get a foosball table.

Worst part of the episode: Paolo.

Overall, I give this episode an 8 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Awesome.
/////Season 1A Episode 12 In this episode Paolo makes a pass on Phoebe when she gives him a massage. She tells it to Rachel and they finally break up. Ross tries to be there for her, as Joey said, be the "anti-Paolo", but unfortunately it is still too soon for her

We also get a nice Joey/Chandler storyline where their table breaks and they go together to buy one. Joey's jealousy to Chandler's ex roommate is pretty cute and they end up buying the classic football table

And we also find out the gender of Ross's child. All I can say is that Monica will be an aunt. ...or an uncle!

So all in all it is a good episode that brings the Rachel/Ross plot a bit forward
/////Season 1A Episode 12 It was really funny especially the dozen of Lasagnas and when Ross told Carol that the Lasagna is vegetarian!

Also it was good that Paolo's role is done and he left the series!
/////Season 1A Episode 12 It's probably funny because it involves a dozen lasagnes
/////Season 1A Episode 13 In this episode, Chandler enters in Monica's apartment without knocking the door and inadvertently sees Rachel's breasts. This will make Rachel angry with Chandler the entire episode, trying to see him naked as a vengeance and starting a chain of one friend trying to peek another one.

Phoebe is dating a shrink called Roger,and very soon, everybody starts to hate him,since he stays analyzing all Phoebe's friends all the time. (But boy, he is good!) Eventually Phoebe sees the guy is uncontrolled and breaks up with him.

Joey stays disappointed when he discovers that his father is having an affair with a woman called Ronni( the pet mortician!). He then tries to convince his father to break up with her, since he thinks he is not respecting his mother.
/////Season 1A Episode 13 This is an absolutely amazing episode with Joey acting like a father to his father. Some dialogues are just to hilarious. Phoebe is dating this psychologist or someone who makes everyone's life analyses and makes them feel bad about themselves. Joey's father comes to visit him and their scenes are just too too amazing. There is even an uncalled revenge for the private parts which keeps becoming more funny incident by incident.
/////Season 1A Episode 13 In this episode we get to know more parents. This time Joey's. His father cheating on his mother upsets Joey and he wonders if he will be like too. Which is interesting to see how Joey's character changed later. In the first seasons he was thinking more about such things

We also get a preview of Chandler's dad when he says that if he turns out like his parents he will be either an "alcoholic blonde chasing 20 year old boys or like his mom"

While the cheating dad thing wasn't too funny, the episode was definitely good thanks to the whole boobies story, and Phoebe's analytical boyfriend who I really wish would have appeared in more episodes, but I guess they couldn't have done much more with it
/////Season 1A Episode 13 I really love this episode. It's so funny and entertaining. I think it's one of my all-time favorite Season 1 episodes.

In this episode, Joey discovers that his Dad has a mistress, and has been with her for years. He is even more shocked when he finds out that his Mother knew. How horrible is that? By the way, they're still married. Meanwhile, Chandler accidentally walks in on Rachel when she is changing, and catches a glimpse of her breasts, hence the title of the episode, "The One With The Boobies". So, she tries to even the score, but instead of walking in on Chandler in the shower, she accidentally walks in on Joey in the shower. And Phoebe starts dating a shrink, which annoys the gang, since he is saying very hurtful, but true things about their personalities.

Best part of the episode: When Chandler says "boobies".

Worst part of the episode: Ross.

Overall I give this episode a 10 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Freaking Ridonkulous.
/////Season 1A Episode 13 The ending cracked me up xD. Monica surely wished she didn't seen it.
/////Season 1A Episode 13 The very idea of a woman happy her husband has been having an affair for 6 years because it means he's nicer to her Is misogynistic B.S. in the real world she would have kicked his ass to the curb years ago, unless she was totally lacking in self respect.
/////Season 1A Episode 13 This one has boobies in it. Who doesn't like boobies
/////Season 1A Episode 14 I love this episode. It's so funny. I love themed episodes, and by that I mean, Valentine's Day, Thanksgiving, Christmas, New Years, Halloween, and birthdays. Wow, that is a big list of themed episodes. And I love Janice. She's hilarious.

In this episode, it's Valentine's Day, and Ross and his date, end up eating at the same restaurant as ex-wife Carol, and her lesbian lover, Susan. Which makes for a very awkward meal. Meanwhile, Joey sets up Chandler on a blind date, with Janice, of all people. And Phoebe, Monica, and Rachel decide to have a "boyfriend bonfire" where they burn all the mementos of their past relationships, hoping to break the cycle. But then they almost burn their apartment down, and they meet come attractive firemen, who happen to already be in relationships.

Best part of the episode: The boyfriend bonfire.

Worst part of the episode: Ross.

Overall, I give this episode a 9 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Awesome.
/////Season 1A Episode 14 This is an episode where all the story lines are pretty funny

My favorite is of course Chandler's surprise Valentine's dinner with Janice, It is funny from the moment he realizes who his date is all the way to their conversation in the coffee place. And Janice's final speech is awesome

Girls having a burning ritual to get a better guy is pretty funny too. Especially because of the final sentences that the fireman guys say on the stairs

Ross's date where he meets Susan and Carol is a great part of the episode as well. I can't stop saying how awesome David Schwimmer was on the show
/////Season 1A Episode 14 In this episode, it is Valentine's Day. Ross goes on a date with a beautiful neighbor, which turns out to be a bad idea, since he sees Carol with Susan in the restaurant, and he gives Carol more attention then to his neighbor.

Joey is crazy to have a date with Lorraine, a sexy lady, so he convinces Chandler to go out with Lorraine's friend. They go to on a double date, but Lorraine's friend turns out to be Janice, Chandler ex girlfriend who has the most annoying laugh of all. When Joey and Lorraine go away, Chandler and Janice spend a lot of money on Joey's credit card,specially with expensive champagne,since they are both angry with Joey. ( Janice and Chandler end up sleeping together after all that alcohol!)

Phoebe, Monica and Rachel decide to do a ritual and to burn all the objects that are connected to the guys they have dated. But that turns out to become an arson.
/////Season 1A Episode 14 Matthew Perry again brings the laughs and he is given good support from the always fun Maggie Wheeler as Janice.

Plot In A Paragraph: It's the day before Valentines day and Joey has finally landed a date with a hot girl, but she will only go out with him if he will bring someone along for her recently dumped friend. He takes Chandler along, who is horrified to find out the friend is Janice (who he has dumped twice now) and even more horrified the next morning when he wakes up next to her. Meanwhile the girls have an ex boyfriend ceremony.

So far in this first season, the best episodes are ones that have featured Matthew Perry's Chandler Bing heavily (often with him trying to dump Janice)and this is no exception.
/////Season 1A Episode 14 Janice is one character whose appearance only makes you laugh out loud. The blind date was just too funny and the incident in the door way was too too funny. The scene with Ross going out on a date was decent and the girl's having a bon fire was quite hilarious. The starting of the episode with Ross going with an Egg was beautiful.
/////Season 1A Episode 14 I like how all the episodes are called the one with the .... you really know what you're getting into
/////Season 1A Episode 15 This might be the first episode that could actually be called hilarious. It is filled with so many priceless, laugh-out-loud moments (the blurting of "vulva," the moment when Chandler walks in on Joey and Ross talking dirty, and pretty much every move Steve makes), that it's difficult to imagine why they are all packed into one episode. But we're glad they are.

Steve's presence in the story is more than funny, however. He serves as a roadblock in Monica's quest for the perfect job. Friends was originally conceived as a show about those few years after college when your life seems to be going nowhere ("It's like you're always stuck in second gear...") and all goals, especially career and relationship goals, seem distant and vastly uphill. Two stories in this episode exemplify this post-collegiate inertia expertly. Both Monica and Chandler, separately, have career crises of different natures, and to these problems, most of us can relate. Some of us have no idea what we want, and for those of us who do, the road isn't always clear.

At the risk of sounding nitpicky, the show's format normally does not include two similar stories that resonate in the same way, as this episode does. With that in mind, the Stoned Guy story and the Chandler's promotion story should have been treated in separate episodes.

But hats off to David Schwimmer and Matt LeBlanc for the fantastically awkward dirty-talking scene, in which both actors are eating sandwiches while practicing the art of verbal filth.

For a full account of the charms of this episode, please see this URL:

http://www.geocities.com/friends.episodeguide/stoned
/////Season 1A Episode 15 Not as good as the last episode but it still has some laugh out loud moments featuring Joey attempting to teach Ross how to talk dirty.

Plot In A Paragraph: Ross is horrified when his date asks him to talk dirty to her, Chandler is equally horrified when he is offered a big promotion at the office job he took as "a temporary thing" five years ago, so he quits. Meanwhile things are looking up for Monica as a client of Pheobe's is looking to open a new restaurant and she is in line for the head chef job.

Matthew Perry is always reliable as Chandler so him doing well is no surprise, but hats must go off to Matt Le Blanc and David Schwimmer who steal this episode
/////Season 1A Episode 15 In this episode, Chandler asks for a dismissal on his job, since he is discouraged about what he is doing and sad that he doesn't has any big dream. But that doesn't last long, since he receives a good promotion and he sees that mainly of his skills are from the computer science business.

Monica has an audition with Phoebe's friend Steve, who is looking for a new chef for his restaurant. Phoebe brings Steve to Monica's apartment to stay impressed with Monica's culinary skills, but they both didn't expect Steve to be so high of marijuana.

Ross goes out with Celia, the insect curator who works at the museum, but he has difficulties with her, since he doesn't know how to be a dirty talker. He then asks Joey to advice him, bringing some hilarious scenes in this episode.
/////Season 1A Episode 15 I will overlook that it is an anti marijuana propaganda, because Friends was of course done so that everyone can watch it. But it is a very funny episode Jon Loovitz was hilarious. I was almost crying from laughing through the whole scene.

But my favorite part is the dirty talk! Both when Ross said "vulva" and when him and Joey are practicing dirty talk and Chandler comes in. The dialogue was amazing "Now tell me that you want to caress my butt!". "Ok, turn around"

And Chandler's try to get a funner career for himself was a pretty good storyline as well, and something that many people can connect with
/////Season 1A Episode 15 I really love this episode. It's one of my all-time favorite episodes from this season, and is one of the most enjoyable episodes from the entire series. I just loved the stone guy so much.

In this episode, Chandler gets offered a promotion, but instead of taking the job, Chandler quits. Meanwhile, Ross tries to master dirty talk, which is very disturbing, and just plain wrong. I really don't like Ross. And Monica cooks a gourmet meal for a restaurateur, but it turns out he's stoned, and is just making the whole experience an annoyance for Monica, but while making it a hilarious experience for us viewers.

Best part of the episode: The stoned guy.

Worst part of the episode: Ross.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Freaking Ridonkulous.
/////Season 1A Episode 15 This one is again quite impressive, the best part would be Chandler speaking to his boss over phone and accepting the job from which he was running off since the starting of the episode. Monica trying super hard to hard to impress the restaurant guy is quite hilarious especially with the the professional waitering thing, and when that guy finally ends up coming stoned, it's epic.
/////Season 1A Episode 15 Ha ha a stoned guy!!!!!! Pretty cutting edge for back then
/////Season 1A Episode 16 Joey and Chandler meet Ursula, Phoebe's twin sister, when they go to the Riff's restaurant to eat something and Ursula is working there as a waitress. Joey feels attracted to Ursula,and starts to date her, enjoying her company more and more, to Phoebe's disapproval.

Ross goes to a Lamaze class with Susan and Carol, giving us pretty funny moments.

Chandler has trouble with Nina, a cute worker of his job that he is interested, but he needs to fire.

Rachel injuries her leg, going to the hospital with Monica. Since Rachel doesn't have any insurance, she and Monica decide to change their identities. They ask two cute doctors to go out on a date with them, but when they start to fight, they scare the doctors away.
/////Season 1A Episode 16 In the first part we get to meet Phoebe's twin sister Ursula. I think this is a great idea and Lisa Kudrow is doing a great job. I also liked how they brought in characters from Mad about you, the sitcom in which there actually is a character Ursula.

We also got a dramatic ending that makes us wait for next week when Ursulla and Phoebe meet in the hall.

Ross and Susan in the lamaze class was one of the highlights of the episode. Very funny as usually when these two characters get together The Chandler story is a bit boring, but it is not so bad thanks to Matthew Perry
/////Season 1A Episode 16 This episode is the first friends episode which makes you leave thinking what's gonna happen next? This episode introduces Phoebe's twin Ursala for whom Joey is falling for. Phoebe in the end doesn't looks happy with Joey and Ursula thing. The comedy in this episode majorly comes from the Chandler and Nina incidents where he is suppose to fire her but ends by cooking stories so that she doesn't feel bad and things keep going the way they have been before.
/////Season 1A Episode 16 I really liked this episode. It was such a shock when it turned out that Phoebe had an identical twin sister.

In this episode, Chandler, and Joey are at a restaurant, and see Phoebe, or at least, they see someone who they think is Phoebe. It turns out to Phoebe's identical twin sister, Ursula. Joey starts dating her, of course, which makes Phoebe jealous. Meanwhile, Chandler is told to fire a very attractive woman, and ends up dating her instead. Since he made this mistake, he tells his boss that she is in therapy, and can't even remember being fired. Ross's monkey wreaks havoc, which infuriates Monica, when he changes the language control on her TV.

Fun Fact: The bar where Joey, and Chandler first see Ursula, is the same bar that is used in How I Met Your Mother.

First appearance of: Ursula, even though she is played by Lisa Kudrow.

Best part of the episode: Monica's annoyance with Marcel.

Worst part of the episode: The name Ursula, it makes me think of The Little Mermaid.

Overall, I give this episode an 8 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Awesome.
/////Season 1A Episode 16 "Dad It's George Clooney!!" is the most excited my son has got watching Friends with me.

Plot In A Paragraph: Joey upsets Phoebe by dating her twin sister Ursula. Rachel injures her ankle and goes to the hospital for x rays with Monica. Once there she reveals she has no insurance, so swaps identities with Monica, complications arise when they are asked out by two cute doctors (Guest stars George Clooney and Noah Wyle) and Rachel accepts. Meanwhile Chandler has to fire Nina, the beautiful girl he has just started dating.

Perry brings the laughs, Clooney brings star power in his guest spot, but it Lisa Kudrow who deserves the plaudits for her dual role of Phoebe and Ursula Buffay.
/////Season 1A Episode 16 The one with two parts part one. Ha ha mind blown. Who came up with that
/////Season 1A Episode 17 I absolutely love this episode. It's the continuation from Part 1, obviously, as it's Part 2. However, on the DVD version, or at least Region 4 DVDs, it is combined as one forty minute episode. And I love the inclusion of inside jokes about the doctors from E.R.

In this episode, Rachel hurts her foot taking down Christmas lights outside her, and Monica's apartment. When they go to the hospital, Rachel begs Monica to swap identities temporarily, because Rachel doesn't have insurance. But then they both meet two cute doctors, and have a hard time keeping up the charade. Meanwhile, while Phoebe, and Chandler were playing Scrabble, Marcel, Ross' monkey, swallows a letter, and they have to make sure he's okay. And Ursula continues to be an annoyance for Phoebe.

Fun Fact: Phoebe, and Ursula's birthday changes throughout the series. From around Valentine's Day in this episode, to around Halloween in Season 9.

Special Guest Star: George Clooney, and Noah Wyle.

Best part of the episode: Rachel thinking she got insurance at the hospital, and that you just request it then, and there.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Freaking Ridonkulous.
/////Season 1A Episode 17 This is one's quite hilarious with Rachel acting as Monica to get insurance claim and acting super goofy in front of the doctors and even the receptionist at the hospital. The scene with the monkey's doctor treatment was so cute, and Ursula Phoebe and Joey triangle looks fun again, only this time when Joey wasn't there for Phoebe's birthday it felt quite bad.
/////Season 1A Episode 17 George Clooney Returns with Noah Wyle as the cute doctors turn up for their date with Rachel and Monica.

Plot In A Paragraph: Ursula continues to come between Joey and Phoebe, the cute doctors turn up for their date with Monica and Rachel, but the bickering friends ruin it by revealing each others secrets. Ross is nervous about becoming a father so he meets his Dad for lunch to talk things over Elliot Gould is always a delight as Jack Gellar, and it was disappointing that he only had the one scene. returning "ER" guest stars Clooney and Wyle are fun, and again Lisa Kudrow knocks it out of the park in her dual roles.
/////Season 1A Episode 17 The second part is so much better than the first one. First we get some guest star here as well. And it was so weird to see George Clooney so young. I forgot he ever looked like this.

The scene where the cute doctors come over and Monica and Rachel are using each others names and trying to make the other one look bad is a classic. Very hard to stop laughing

And it has also a few moving scenes. The one where Phoebe pretends to be Ursula to break up with Joey is just too sweet And the scene when Marcel wakes up and grabs Ross's finger is so cute it seriously brings tears yo my eyes!
/////Season 1A Episode 17 One of the best Friends episodes, and in which we find 3 minute that evolve around the famous LEBANESE dish "Hummus" (A LEBANESE dish prepared out of chickpeas and sesame sauce) this is one of the rarest episode of friends where the "advertisement" material is not as obvious as in the episodes where Phoebe sings for Adidas, or when Emily spends a whole episode with toblerone bars, or even when Monica and Phoebe spend a 22 minutes episodes trying to discover the Nestle Tollhouse recipe. Where the writers in such need for money so that they made such obvious ads, that can be considered as undermining to the intelligence of the viewer. Well this episode give a better example than the others.
/////Season 1A Episode 17 If you thought the title of the last episode was funny well look out for this one
/////Season 1A Episode 18 This episode doesn't have multiple story lines. It is just the gang playing poker together while Rachel hopes to get a new job.

It is very entertaining to see the competitiveness. Especially when it comes to Monica and Ross and as we know they are extremely competitive

And it gets interesting when it turns out that Rachel didn't get a job. Ross wants to quit playing and yet she challenges him, so plays for all the money she bets and at the end lets her win even though he had the hand. This just shows how much into Rachel he is that he would even lose for her

And I must say there is some great acting in this episode. Special mentions this time to Jennifer Aniston. Great facial expressions while playing poker with Ross
/////Season 1A Episode 18 The best episode of Season One. I loved this episode. I really really did.
/////Season 1A Episode 18 Rachel is looking for a new job, since she doesn't want to be a waitress anymore. Saddly for her, she doesn't have much luck, since she is being rejected by almost all the places she sent her curriculum .

Ross,Chandler and Joey try to teach Monica,Phoebe and Rachel how to play poker. The guys win the girls (who lose money) all the matches they play, so Monica decide to change the score asking her aunt, who is an excellent poker player, to give her and the girls good tips to win the guys( They eventually get better playing poker, but is more then obvious that Ross would win Rachel again, if he wasn't such a nice guy to her).
/////Season 1A Episode 18 I really love this episode. I think it's so funny. It is one of my all-time favorite episodes from this season.

In this episode, the guys are playing poker, and the girls want to beat them at their own game. So they learn from Monica's aunt Iris, who is a very skilled player. They end up surprising the boys, with their newfound skills. Rachel finds out that there is a new job possibility, that would be a personal shopper, so of course, she applies, along with a lot of other places. Sadly, the job falls through, right when she, and Ross are in the middle of a game. To be nice, Ross let's her win, without anyone realizing what he'd done.

Best part of the episode: When the girls finally teach the guys a lesson.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Freaking Ridonkulous.
/////Season 1A Episode 18 This episode has a really cute start with Rachel sending her misspelt resumes and everyone humming to Colonel Bogey March Whistle. Rachel finally gets an interview as the assistant buyer for some designing house. Where as there is a lot of challenges in poker by girls, they even call Monica's aunt to give them proper training but still are for no good. In the end Ross comes back as a nice guy that he is and lets win Rachel win.
/////Season 1A Episode 18 I can't agree with other reviews of this episode, for me it's one of my least favourites from what overall was a very strong first season of the show.

It has its moments, and there's some lovely interactions, but aside from them all playing poker not much really happens.
/////Season 1A Episode 18 The boys are suddenly right into poker then never play again for the next 16 seasons
/////Season 1A Episode 19 Rachel finds out that her friend and maid of honor Mindy, is going to marry her ex fiancée Barry, staying depressed with that fact.

Ross asks Rachel to take care of Marcel for a day, but she ends up losing him. In an act of despair, Rachel call Animal Control to help her find Marcel, not knowing that Marcel is an exotic and illegal animal,and the person who owns it will have deep issues with the police. Each one of the friends start searching for Marcel, and Ross stays very angry with Rachel.

Rachel and Monica discover that the lady of the animal control, Luisa, studied with them in their class and also that she hates Rachel for being a bitch

Only the fact that Phoebe was shot with a tranquilizing dart by Luisa, help to save Marcel for being taken away.

Ps: I personally don't agree with Monica when she says that Mindy is beautiful. In my opinion Rachel is way better.
/////Season 1A Episode 19 I like this episode. It's good, but not amazing. But I think that's mostly because it's basically centered around Ross, and Rachel, my most hated characters from the show. Well, I don't hate Rachel, I just dislike her. I do hate Ross. And I know "hate" is a strong word, but that's how I feel.

In this episode, Ross asks Rachel a favor, in the form of her "babysitting" Marcel the monkey for the day. Unfortunately for her, she leaves the front door to the apartment open, and he escapes. Ross is understandably, very angry with Rachel. She, along with everyone else, desperately try to find the missing monkey. Rachel ends up calling Animal Control for help, but was unaware that Marcel was an illegal exotic pet. Once Ross finds out about this, this just sends her deeper into the ground. They try to make the Animal Control employee try to understand what a loving pet he is, but since she knows Rachel, and Monica, and hates them, she vows to find the monkey first. Meanwhile, Rachel discovers that her ex- fiancé, Barry, is getting married to her ex-best friend, Mindy.

Worst part of the episode: Ross, and Rachel.

Overall, I give this episode an 8, which in my ratings book is: Awesome.
/////Season 1A Episode 19 Ross asks Rachel to keep Marcel for a day, and he gets out of the apartment. She calls animal control to help her find the monkey and later realizes that Marcel is among those monkeys which are not allowed to be kept as pets. The Animal Control employee is in fact a former schoolmate of Monica and Rachel, and she hates them, so they all race to find the monkey. In this race Phoebe gets hit by a dart which makes her butt fall asleep.
/////Season 1A Episode 19 A massive drop in quality with this episode.

Plot In A Paragraph: Rachel sees an engagement announcement for her former fiancée and her former best friend. Keen to spend more time with her, Ross asks Rachel to keep his monkey Marcel for a day, and she loses him. All the gang come to help and everyone starts looking for him, Rachel calls Animal Control over to help, but she doesn't know that Ross is not allowed to have an exotic monkey. The Animal Control employee is in fact a former schoolmate of Monica and Rachel, and boy does she hate them, so the race is on to find the monkey first.

Jennifer Aniston looks cute in this episode, but that's really all there is to enjoy about it. The old spurred classmate story was silly, though the ending was a surprise.
/////Season 1A Episode 19 Other than the final few minutes with the speech from Rachel and the appearance of Barry this is a fairly standard, ok but not great of the beloved sitcom.

I think at this point they were still working out what worked, and what didn't. This episode contains elements of both.
/////Season 1A Episode 19 One of the things that by now got old is Ross talking about his monkey and everyone act as if he is talking about his penis. Yeah, we got the joke. It was funny the first time, now after it was repeated over and over again it got boring.

I really liked how Ross was mad at Rachel for losing the monkey. Mainly because he is so amusing when angry. David Schwimmer is awesome!

Funny is also the part where the animal control woman turns out to be an old classmate of Rachel and Monica who is still mad at them, especially Rachel since Monica was fat and had her own problems

And a great ending with Barry coming in and saying he is still in love with Rachel.
/////Season 1A Episode 19 PREFACE: The warning on spoilers freaked me out so I'll just always click it to be sure.

REVIEW: It is revealed in this episode that Marcel is an ILLEGAL EXOTIC pet. The gang tries to fight to get him back, but the reality is that there's usually--but not always--a reason that a certain 'pet' is illegal. It is selfish and irresponsible to try to domesticate a non- human primate in NEW YORK CITY. It's dangerous enough for humans. -- >Not to mention that in any state, if you are caught with an illegal non-human animal companion, they can/probably will confiscate it and euthanize it. So if one wants an exotic pet please get a permit or move to a state where it is legal. Otherwise every second is a risk to that animal's life and if that happens only you are to blame. It's pure selfishness.

DISCLAIMER: I love this show so much! This is really the only problem I have with it. Most people aren't dumb enough to take their parenting advice (pets are animals too) from a TV show, but because some are, this could be a dangerous inspiration.
/////Season 1A Episode 19 Ross monkey gets away. Who's he going to have sex with now?
/////Season 1A Episode 20 Another so-so episode of the show, with the Chandler story being the best one. I think the writers by this point were realising just how fab Matthew Perry is, especially when playing on Chandler's neurotic side.

I didn't see the point of the Joey storyline. It went nowhere.

Like others I went "is that Jennifer Grey?" during her appearance, and while it's not the best storyline, there's some fun to be had as Rachel and Mindy plot Barry's comeuppance.

Not a great episode, but worth a watch occasionally.
/////Season 1A Episode 20 another so so episode Plot In A Paragraph: Chandler starts to go slightly mad when a girl he likes (and had a good first date with) doesn't return his phone calls.The gang become annoyed after they discover someone is spying on them from the building across the street. Rachel and Barry start dating again, even though he is engaged to Mindy.

Another guest star, although you'd never recognise her due to her plastic surgery. It's Jennifer Grey from "Dirty Dancing" fame, but she is unrecognisable.

Matthew Perry brings the laughs again, Jennifer Aniston looks gorgeous and is easily my favourite of the female cast
/////Season 1A Episode 20 Excellent TV series for learning English. All episodes good. Easy for understand.
/////Season 1A Episode 20 In this episode, Chandler stays in doubt if he should call or not to a girl he went out in a date, leading to a chain of funny moments connected to his phone. Things get a little messy with Rachel and Barry even though he is engaged to Mindy. Joey tries to trace the person who was spying on them through the telescope and when he figures out that its a girl and she keeps on complimenting everyone its hilarious.
/////Season 1A Episode 20 It's funny how in America the word dating means banging
/////Season 1A Episode 20 In this episode Rachel has an affair with her ex, Barry. It all seems so much better than in the time when they were together that she isn't sure if she should stop seeing him.

But then she gets a call from her ex best friend Mindy, the new fiancée of Barry, who wants her to be the maid of honor at the wedding. She also tells Rachel she believes that Barry is cheating and that she had an affair with him during Rachel's engagement. A well done story

Chandler being all obsessed about the girl he want on a date with to call him back brings a lot of funny moments, a good story for Chandler with a perfect ending
/////Season 1A Episode 21 I absolutely love this episode. It's so funny. It's one of my all-time favorite episodes from this season, and probably the entire series. I love every single segment, except for stupid Ross with his stupid monkey. I really hate him. A lot.

In this episode, Joey tries to find a better stage name, and Chandler suggests Stalin, as a joke. But Joey doesn't understand, and takes the name Joseph Stalin seriously, which ends up with him getting in trouble, and being embarrassed, because of who the real Joseph Stalin was. Meanwhile, a woman stole Monica's credit card, so she, Phoebe, and Rachel track her down, and actually become friends with her. Eventually the "Fake Monica" is arrested, and the girls feel bad, as they basically forgave her because she's so amazing. And Ross has to give up his monkey because he's become very inappropriate with any object around him.

Best part of this episode: Everything except Ross, and Marcel.

Worst part of this episode: Ross, and Marcel.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Freaking Ridonkulous.
/////Season 1A Episode 21 Monica's credit card details gets stolen and when they figure out the person who is the behind that, instead of giving her to police they take her for lunch. The fake Monica is exactly the person, Monica ever wanted to be. They share a lot of time together and become quite close. Ross has issues with his monkey, he is humping everywhere and has to be given to a zoo.
/////Season 1A Episode 21 I don't really like that episode. It is one of the episodes that makes me think that if I knew them in real life I would really dislike them. Monica getting a bit drunk and going to party already makes Rachel act as if she is doing something horrible. Well, I guess the good thing is that Monica at least tried to stay a fun person by still going to dance lessons (although as we know she will never manage it, lol)

Luckily Marcel goes away to a zoo. I love animals, but I think his storyline was getting pretty annoying so it is good that the writers ended it fast enough

The best thing is Joey trying to get a stage name and Chandler suggesting him Joseph Stalin. Now that was funny!
/////Season 1A Episode 21 Monica's credit card has been stolen and she discovers that another person is enjoying the life she should have, buying a lot of incredible things and doing nice classes and courses. She decides to investigate the person who is using her credit card, tracking her down in a tap dance class. The woman introduces herself as Monica, and Monica gives the fake name of Monana. The problem is that Monica starts to like the company of the fake Monica, going with her to parties and a lot of different programs.

Joey decides he needs a better stage name, and he accepts Chandler's suggestion of ' Joseph Stalin', not knowing about the terrible dictator.

Ross discovers that his monkey, Marcel, reached sexual maturity, and that he will need to give him to a zoo.
/////Season 1A Episode 21 A really dull episode, as the first season heads towards it's close there have been a few

Plot In A Paragraph: Monica's credit card is stolen and she is horrified to find "fake Monica" is living a better life than her, so see sets about tracking her down. When she does, complications arise when she starts to enjoy "fake Monica's" company. Ross is told has to give up his pet monkey Marcel, while Joey contemplates getting a new stage name.

The only part of this episode I liked was when the episode returns from when Ross has just told Joey and Chandler that he has to give away Marcel. The 3 guys are shown on the couch mimicking the infamous "see no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil" statue often portrayed by 3 monkeys.
/////Season 1A Episode 21 There were a few dud episodes as the first series of 'Friends' wound down, and this is one of them.

I didn't really like any of the three stories, and would skip it next time.
/////Season 1A Episode 21 19 minutes of laugh track in a 22 minute episode good average
/////Season 1A Episode 22 Rachel has erotic dreams with Chandler and Joey, making Ross jealous.

Phoebe starts to work with Chandler as his secretary, and starts to have friendship with the people from their work. She tells Chandler that nobody likes him at work, making him feel bad. He then tries to change his image, but without much success.

Monica finds out that Ethan, the guy she is going out, is younger then she thought: instead of being in the university, Ethan is in fact in high school!

Carol, Ross' ex wife, beeps Ross that she is in labour, making everybody run to the hospital.
/////Season 1A Episode 22 Another so so episode helped out greatly by Matthew Perry as Chandler.

Plot In A Paragraph: Chandler gives Phoebe a temp job whilst his secretary has an operation, but he is horrified to find out that none of his friends at work like him, now he is boss. Ross gets jealous when Rachel has a dirty dream about having sex with Chandler, then Chandler and Joey. Meanwhile Monica is dating a guy known as "Young Ethan".

I'll start with the negative. The actor who played "Young Ethan", Stan Kirsch, is clearly mid to late 20's at the time this episode was made. Ross gets ridiculously jealous and heaves stupidly about Rachel's dreams making a big deal about pretty much nothing.

Matthew Perry is great as Chandler again. Probably my favourite male character of the first season. With Aniston being my favourite female.
/////Season 1A Episode 22 Great episode! I don't really get why they were making fun of Monica for dating Ethan first when they thought he was a senior in college. Not a very bad age difference and if it was the other way around it would be no problem, but maybe it was different in the 90's. But once they start "telling stuff" and she find out his real age....boy, was I laughing!

Rachel having sexual dreams about Chandler and Joey was funny too, especially Ross being jealous about it

Feel bad for Chandler but Idid like the idea of his previous work friends not liking him anymore now that he is the boss. And Phoebe being his secretary was a good idea too, although I feel they could have done more with this
/////Season 1A Episode 22 Rachel had a dream about her and Chandler having sex and Ross is jealous. Monica's boyfriend Ethan is a senior at college but their age difference is no problem because Monica told him she was 22. Phoebe fills in for Chandler's secretary but tells Chandler that nobody likes him. Ethan and Monica have sex after Ethan tells her he is a virgin and Monica confesses to being 26. Ethan then tells her that he is a senior in high school and Monica freaks out. Rachel has another dream about Chandler - but this time Joey was there too. Chandler accompanies Phoebe to a party with people from work even though he was not invited but they still don't like him. Monica tells Ethan she loves him but can't be with him. Rachel has a dream about Ross while Ross is there and she yells out his name. They share an almost intimate moment when Ross gets beeped that Carol is in labor. Everybody leaves for the hospital.
/////Season 1A Episode 22 There was a run of weaker episodes towards the end of 'Friends' first year, but this one is slightly better.

I didn't care for the Rachel or Monica storylines, but there was some fun to be had in the one involving Phoebe and Chandler, as the latter learns he's not half as popular at work as he first thought.

Not a classic, but better.
/////Season 1A Episode 22 I really enjoy this episode. I enjoy it everytime I watch it. In fact, I watched it about four days ago.

In this episode, Monica is dating a college senior who thinks she's twenty-two. They eventually have sex, his first time, I might add, and she reveals that she is actually twenty-six. The boyfriend also comes clean, disclosing that he is a senior, but not in college. That's right, he's a senior in high school and seventeen-years-old. He says he's falling in love with Monica, but she can't get over the age thing, not that I blame her. She said she feels that it's icky, hence the title of the episode. Meanwhile, Phoebe accidentally loses business because she taught a "Massage Yourself At Home" workshop. "And they are." - Phoebe. Anyway, since Chandler's secretary is getting one of her breasts reduced because "It's a whole big breast thing," or something like that, Phoebe comes and works at Chandler's office. Phoebe finds out that Chandler's coworkers don't like him since he got promoted, and that they make fun of him. Chandler eventually goes along with it, enjoying the fact that he has the power to make his coworkers work on the weekend.

Best part of this episode: When Phoebe says Boss Man Bing over and over in different ways.

Worst part of this episode: When you find out the boyfriend's real age and you feel icky, just like Monica.

Best quote of the episode: "Some people are going to be working this weekend." - Chandler Bing, but with his funny emphasis on this weekend, which he is purposely doing.

Overall, I give this movie a 9 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Amazing.
/////Season 1A Episode 22 Funnier than the time I pooed my pants in year 2 at school
/////Season 1A Episode 23 This episode is entirely in the hospital, with a lot of funny moments and confusions, like Carol having the baby,Rachel moving on Carol's obstetrician (Dr. Franzblau), Monica staying depressed that she doesn't have a baby, Ross,Phoebe and Susan staying locked in the janitor's closet of the hospital and Joey helping a pregnant lady that doesn't has anyone to make company and help her.

Ross, Susan and Carol finally agree in a name for the baby: he will be called Ben, a name that came up suddenly in Ross' mind.

Little Ben brings joy to all friends and they all love him.

Ps: In this episode, Monica and Chandler make a pact: if they reach their 40's without anyone special, they are going to be together to raise a family.
/////Season 1A Episode 23 For me, this Episode doesnt only mark Ben's birth, but moreven Chandler's unique sense of humor.
/////Season 1A Episode 23 Finally the day comes when Ross's son is born. The tension between him and Susan gets worse so that Carol kicks them both out of the delivery room. They end up being locked in the storage room with Phoebe. Trying to get out makes them work together and also leads to them finally finding a name they both agree on. Phoebe's speech about how lucky this baby is to have parents who argue about who gets to love it more is very sweet as well

A fun part of this episode is Rachel trying to hit on a cute doctor. Unfortunately he just can't look at female parts anymore when he gets home. As it would be for Rachel, "if i see another cup of coffee.."
/////Season 1A Episode 23 This is such a good episode with so many hilarious incidents at the same place. Carel is finally ready to deliver the baby and all of them end up at the hospital, Monica is crying nonstop that is wants a baby too, Rachel goes to change so that she can flirt with the doctor who is helping Carel. Joey flirts with a single mom. Ross, Phoebe and Susen get locked in a cupboard.
/////Season 1A Episode 23 Easily one of the best episodes I loved phoebe song and I loved leah remini in this episode.
/////Season 1A Episode 23 Oddly not the last episode of series 1, this episode sees Ben being born.

It's a good episode, with three strong stories, which is what episodes prior to this have sometimes been lacking.

I'm glad they toned down Phoebe's kookiness in the next season, because here she is quite annoying.

It was lovely to see Matt LeBlanc being given something a little bit different to do also, in his story involving a pregnant woman.

We also get a hint of what is to come in the Chandler/Monica relationship too. It's only hinted at, but interesting now looking back.
/////Season 1A Episode 23 Interesting directing choices and a lot of emotion in this episode, especially at the end. But the humor is sometimes completely horrible in this episode. Like they said inTHIS episode: "You gotta choose your moment". If only they had applied this rule while writing the episode, it could have been so much better.
/////Season 1A Episode 24 Ross has to go to China for some work, and before he leaves he hands Chandler Rachel's birthday present. Chandler by accident reveals that Ross loves Rachel. The way Monica reacted to Rachel and Ross was super hilarious. Joey takes part in a fertility study and is unable to sleep with his new girlfriend, who was super happy as she was getting all the pleasure and referred Joey as the giver.
/////Season 1A Episode 24 The season 1 finale is literally hilarious. Everything from minute 0 to minute 23 is hilarious. This is one of a few instances in season 1 where the writers were on par with episodes from seasons 5,4,8,10 & 6. The way Rachel found out Ross loves her is some of the best comedy I've ever seen, and how she decides she wants to be with Ross is so sweet. I felt so bad for Rachel and in general at the cliffhanger, because I just want Ross and Rachel to be together. Otherwise, great episode. Don't know why I'm the only reviwer to grade it 10, because it's a great episode and it's rated 8,9 out of 10,0.
/////Season 1A Episode 24 This is the last episode of the Friend's first season, and also one of the coolest and most exciting! Joey gets a job in a fertility study as a sperm donor. The work is obviously peaceful and without any big worries, but he is forbidden to have intercourse with any women until the study ends.

It's Rachel's birthday and Monica is doing a barbecue to celebrate her birthday, but Ross needs to go to China for the museum. (And he is going to stay 1 week there)

When Rachel is opening her birthday gifts, Chandler accidentally tells Rachel that Ross is in love with her. Rachel stays worried and wants to talk with Ross, but it is already late.

The episode ends with Rachel thinking about Ross and decided to try to have something with him. She is in the airport waiting for him, but he is with an unknown Asian girl.
/////Season 1A Episode 24 This is the season finale and finally what we have been anticipation and waiting for happened: Rachel finds out that Ross is in love with her! It is pretty well done since they keep on making the viewers guessing if she will do anything about it or not. It is not very funny but it is interesting to see her worry about dating a friend and all the bad sides of dating a close friend. And it has a great cliffhanger which makes fans wait for the the next season

For the laughs this episode has the Joey story in which he participates in fertility study for which he doesn't only "donate his time". Because of this he can't sleep with his new girlfriend and needs to come up with solution. Just hilarious!
/////Season 1A Episode 24 The previous episode with the birth of Ross's child would have been much better to end this first seasons of friends.
/////Season 1A Episode 24 This is the season finale of the first season of 'Friends'

Plot In A Paragraph: Upset that Rachel prefers Ross's birthday gift than his, Chandler lets slip to Rachel that Ross is in love with her! Joey participates in fertility study for which he is paid $700 for his sperm, But he can't sleep with his new girlfriend and needs to come up with solution to fend off her advances.

Whilst this episode is pretty well done, since they keep on making the viewers guessing if she will do anything about it or not as she debates the merits of dating a close friend. It is not very funny, the only laughs come from Perry and Le Blanc.

But it does have a cliffhanger ending
/////Season 1A Episode 24 This episode features the revelation to Rachel of Ross's feelings for her, albeit a little too late.

This is the lead story in the episode, and the most interesting. Although Matthew Perry's reaction to letting the news slip is very funny also.

There is a Joey related B plot, but it's very forgettable.

And so ends season 1.
/////Season 1A Episode 24 So much happens in this episode the laugh track can barely keep up
/////Season 2A Episode 1A This is a great episode. Jennifer Aniston did a great job as Rachel, great acting. Watching Rachel dealing with the fact that Ross has a new girlfriend is very funny (although one does feel bad for her!). The scene in the airport, or when they get to their apartment and also when Ross talks on the phone so she can't stand it and hangs up are just great. And their conversation on the balcony, Rache's facial expression tells so much.

Besides that the story lines of Joey and Monica are also very funny. When after Chandler goes to Joey's tailor and he cups him, Chandler and Ross are telling Joey that this is not how they measure pants, it was high quality comedy. And Phobe giving Monica a haircut of Roger Moore instead Demi Moore was a great idea.
/////Season 2A Episode 1A Rachel is decided to meet Ross at the airport and tell him about her love,but she has a terrible surprise when she arrives there: she discovers that Ross is dating a new woman he met in China, named Julie. Ross and Julie were in grad school together and after many years apart, they met again in the other side of the world.

Rachel ends up sleeping with Paolo, since she stays depressed with the whole situation with Ross's new relationship.

Phoebe cuts the guys' hair pretty well, but when Monica asks Phoebe to do a new haircut for her, it turns out to be something horrible, since Phoebe made a confusion of who was Monica inspiration for a new haircut

Chandler needs a new tailor and decides to visit Frankie,Joey's tailor. The problem is that the tailor is not exactly 'professional'.
/////Season 2A Episode 1A After an anti climactic end to season one, season two starts in great fashion.

Plot In A Paragraph: An unsuspecting Rachel waits for Ross at the airport, unaware he has a new girlfriend. Meanwhile, Chandler has an uncomfortable experience with Joey's tailor, and after giving the boys good haircuts Phoebe caves in to pressure and gives Monica a celebrity inspired haircut.

Jennifer Aniston is superb here. She is very funny, but also heartbreakingly upset and depressed, and she looks great. Not sure if I'd noticed how great her legs were before on this show. Definitely my favourite "friend".

As for the boys Le Blanc and Perry bring these with the tailor storyline
/////Season 2A Episode 1A I really like this episode. It's a good Season Premiere. It's very enjoyable.

In this episode, Ross has come back from his business trip to China. With a girl. Yes, that's right. He met someone whilst away, and for some reason, someone was willing to date him. Seems impossible. When he comes back with someone else, Rachel is devastated, and is very hurt. She tries to muster up the courage to tell Ross how she feels but she can't. Meanwhile, Joey finds out something very disturbing about his tailor. His tailor sort of "feels him up" when he goes to get pants hemmed, and Joey didn't realize that that's not how pants are measured. When Chandler tells him this, Joey is super confused and calls his Dad to tell him that that's not how pants are measured. I assumed that he never went back to that tailor. Who would? Also, Phoebe gives Monica a new hair cut, but not the one she wanted. A bad one. Phoebe though Demi Moore was a man, and that's the hair cut she gave her.

Overall, I give this episode a 7 out of 10.
/////Season 2A Episode 1A Ross is back from China, and he has a new girlfriend. Rachel goes to pick him up from the airport and the scenes are just too hilarious. Rachel again meets and sleeps with Paolo. When Monica convinces Phoebe to cut her hair after her good job on the boys, she's horrified to get the haircut of an entirely wrong movie star named Moore. Meanwhile Joey's family tailor proves a bad recommendation to Chandler, who is not gullible enough to believe taking measurements for trousers requires taking the tape up each leg and the rear with intimate manual contact at groin height.
/////Season 2A Episode 1A I want a hair cut like Demi Moore not Dudley Moore. Ha ha that bit was almost funny. Lol ha ha lol
/////Season 2A Episode 2A Monica and Julie go together to lunch and to shop in Bloomingdale's, Rachel's favorite store. The problem is that Rachel doesn't know that, and Monica is afraid of telling her about it, since Rachel hates Julie.

Joey and the ''Hombre'', a tall handsome guy who dresses like a cowboy and works in the same department store as Joey , compete to see who sells more perfume, and even for Annabel, the girl who works with them and that Joey is interested to go out.

Ross stays shocked with Phoebe drinking Carol's breast milk,since he finds it gross.He stays the entire episode being convinced for his friends to at least taste it.
/////Season 2A Episode 2A To be nice to her brothers new girlfriend Monica accompanies Julie on a discounted shopping spree in Bloomingdale's, (Rachel's favourite store) and then to lunch. Ross is delighted. The problem is that Rachel doesn't know that, and Monica is afraid of telling her about it, since Rachel hates Julie. Joey is working in a department store encouraging people to test aftershave. All is going well until the ''Hombre'', a tall handsome guy who dresses like a cowboy and works on the same floor as Joey, starts working there and they compete to see who gets the most customers to try their products, and even for the girl who works with them.
/////Season 2A Episode 2A Plot In A Paragraph: To be nice to her brothers new girlfriend Monica accompanies Julie on a discounted shopping spree in Bloomingdale's, (Rachel's favourite store) and then to lunch. Ross is delighted. The problem is that Rachel doesn't know that, and Monica is afraid of telling her about it, since Rachel hates Julie.Joey is working in a department store encouraging people to test aftershave. All is going well until the ''Hombre'', a tall handsome guy who dresses like a cowboy and works on the same floor as Joey, starts working there and they compete to see who gets the most costumers to try their products, and even for the girl who works with them.

Jennifer Aniston is superb here. She is very funny, but also heartbreakingly upset and depressed, and she looks great. Not sure if I'd noticed how great her legs were before on this show. Definitely my favourite "friend".
/////Season 2A Episode 2A I really like this episode. It's really funny. It has a lot going on, but don't worry, it's not hard to follow.

In this episode, Joey and Phoebe try Carol's breast milk, which freaks a lot of people out. Especially Ross. And when he finds out that Susan, Carol's lover, has tried it, he goes to, but chickens out. Of course he does. He's a chicken. Monica goes shopping with Julie, just to be nice. Ross is really happy that they're getting along and it means a lot to him. After going out with her, Monica gets caught in a lie with Rachel. Then they have a big fight. But it's like a wife would fight with a husband after she finds out that he cheated on her. It's so funny the way that Rachel takes it. She says, "Did you go to Bloomingdales with her?" And when Monica admits to that, Rachel acts like she's been stabbed in the back. Well, I guess it is like Rachel's house of worship. Also, Joey gets into a work fight with another cologne salesman, when he goes into Joey's territory.

Overall, I give this episode a 9 out of 10.
/////Season 2A Episode 2A The main story of the episode is Monica becoming friends with Julie and Rachel feeling betrayed by it. It is very well done. The conversation when Rachel finds out is very funny. And her conversation with Monica when they reconcile is not only funny but also very sweet. I am almost crying, and one can sure understand Rachel!

The story of Joey how he competes against a Hombre man (who is played by a guy who at that time was was a spokesman for men's cologne) is kind of boring. It does end in a funny way, and the scene where Chandler acts like a bartender from a western is pretty good, but otherwise it is nothing special

The idea about breastmilk is pretty funny, and David Schwimmer makes it even better with his great acting when he tries to taste breast milk just because Susan did so
/////Season 2A Episode 3A Whilst this episode is excellent and gives a glimpse of the overall brilliance of Season 2, the main reason it stands out for me is the performance of Matthew Perry.

I imagine that at the time the series was probably a little too young for it to be recognised by The Emmy committee but, having watched it several times through TV re-runs, it is clear to see that Perry puts in a wonderful sequence of beautifully-acted scenes which highlight Chandler at his achingly neurotic best.

You really feel like you go on a journey through his back-story, and come to empathise with his current-day status as loner-to-be, all in the space of less than 25 minutes. If retroactive Emmys were to be handed out, I would no hesitation in nominating this episode as Perry's magnum opus.
/////Season 2A Episode 3A Not just my favorite Friends episode but my favorite sit-com episode of all time. The end of the episode, as Chandler leaves, is just brilliant. And Ross and Phoebe's argument is classic. Monica in front of the TV magnifier-hilarious. On and on. As much as I love the actors, the writing really made Friends the show it became. This episode is the epitome of that writing--sad, funny, thought-provoking, touching, it is all there.
/////Season 2A Episode 3A Mr. Heckles, the annoying neighbor who was always complaining about noises for the Friends, dies, and gives Rachel and Monica all of his possessions. When they are cleaning Heckles' apartment, Chandler finds his ''book of complaining' and after read it and totally identifying with the things that Heckles wrote about women,Chandler stays completely paranoid, thinking that he will be alone forever.

He decides to give Janice another chance and to go out with her again, and we see one of the funniest scenes of the series in this moment, with a pregnant and married Janice dumping Chandler and telling him that she wouldn't wait for him forever.
/////Season 2A Episode 3A When Monica and Rachael's grumpy neighbour, Mr Heckles, dies he takes his final revenge by leaving all his belongings to them, which is basically all his junk that he has hoarded over the years. However while going through Heckles year book, Chandler realised that when Heckles was younger he was a lot like him and yet he died alone and bitter, this frightens Chandler into changing his ways as he doesn't want to end up like him. Meanwhile, Phoebe infuriates Ross by claiming evolution is just a myth.
/////Season 2A Episode 3A I really like this episode. It's not one of my favorites, but I do enjoy watching it, and it's defiantly worth watching.

In this episode, Mr. Heckles, longtime annoying downstairs neighbor of Monica, dies. No one is very upset, although they do feel guilty, because he died trying to get them to be quiet. Even though they weren't making any noise. Mr. Heckles sort of gets back at them from beyond the grave, by arranging them to clean out his apartment, since he had no family. Chandler soon discovers that he's exactly like Mr. Heckles and hopes that he doesn't die alone, with no family and no friends, with only neighbors he despised to clean out his belongings.

Overall, I give this episode an 8 out of 10.
/////Season 2A Episode 3A The best part of the episode is Matthew Perry's performance. He basically owns the episode with his worries about ending up alone like Heckles because they seem to have so much in common. Him calling Janice and her showing up all pregnant was very amusing. And the ending where he keeps Heckles' yearbook and promises him to keep the noise down is very sweet and well done by him

The fight of Ross and Phoebe about evolution was kind of funny but at the same way a bit annoying. Phoebe is one of my favorite characters and her being one of the dumb people who don't "believe in evolution" was kind of sad. Sure, I love how different she is from people and all her fresh ideas, but this was too sad. but I did love how the fight ended, made me chuckle
/////Season 2A Episode 3A I like the bit where nothing funny actually happened but the laugh track was going berserk
/////Season 2A Episode 3A Mr Heckles death was part of season 2 but in season 3 episode 6 he's back knocking on the girls' doors??!!
/////Season 2A Episode 3A Definitly in my top 10 favourite episodes of Friends. I always enjoy rewatching it. It contains one of my favourite Phoebe scenes when she argues with Ross about evolution and eventually won an argument. Phoebe 'street' smart vs Ross phd smart. Chandler is also awesome in this episode, great joke with Isac Newton and similarity between him and Mr Heckles is so scary. Also girls showing Joey that they dont have Adams apple was funny too.
/////Season 2A Episode 3A Emotional And Funny episode. I just Don t get why critics Don t care
/////Season 2A Episode 3A on the episode where heckles die, i think all the characters are should and must fell guilty for the death of heckles since its obvious heckles die because of them stomping on floor. That cause heck-els probably Heart attack. but no, they were all act without felling guilt and talk normal especially Rachel when Heckel lawyers talk about Heckles earthly possession are given to her and Monica.but the plot i think is well covered by Chandler connection life with heckles story and Ross+Phoebe situation that was so Funny, how a professor a Phd is beaten with an argument by a person who doesn't have any title.last i must say its a very touching scene in the end where chandler closed the door and say the word for Heckles , "Goodbye Mr Heckles, we will try to keep it down"
/////Season 2A Episode 4A The Friends discover that Phoebe is legally married to friend who needed a green-card in the past. The problem is that her friend is supposed to be gay and she still has feelings for him.

For everybody's surprise(with Monica's exception) Chandler has a third nipple. The revelations doesn't end there, and they also discover that Joey did a porn movie in the past, when he needed some cash and some job experience.

Since Rachel still is angry with Ross' and Julie's relationship,when Ross asks Rachel for some advice, she tells him to wait as much as he can to have sex with Julie. For Ross' luck, he also has Joey as a friend, who pretty much advices him the opposite.
/////Season 2A Episode 4A Six years Phoebe got married to a gay friend of hers from Canada who needed a green card. She used to be in love with him but didn't tell her friends that they are married. Because Monica is upset that Phoebe didn't tell her she got married they start yelling the others secrets out: the panties on the telephone pole are Monica's from sex on the balcony, Chandler has a third nipple, Joey acted in a porn movie. Ross tells Rachel he hasn't had sex with Julie because he has only been with one woman in his life and she turned out to be a lesbian. The gang watches Joey's porn. Meanwhile Phoebe's husband tells her he isn't gay and needs a divorce because he is getting married again. Rachel tries to talk Ross out of sleeping with Julie but doesn't succeed.
/////Season 2A Episode 4A I really enjoy this episode. It's really funny and I love every aspect of it.

In this episode, everyone discovers that Phoebe has a husband, who is a gay ice dancer. She married him because he needed a Greencard, but she did love him. She finds out that he's not gay, that he suddenly realized this, but he doesn't want to date her. I feel so bad for Phoebe. Meanwhile, Rachel gives Ross very bad relationship advice about his new girlfriend Julie, because Rachel secretly wants to break them up. When everyone is yelling about being surprised that Phoebe was married, and wondering why she kept it a secret, many secrets come flying out. Which is probably my favorite minute of the episode. We find out that Chandler has a third nipple, the panties on the telephone pole are Monica's from when she had sex with Fun Bobby on the terrace and Joey did porn and the gang have a very fun time watching it. But, it wasn't real porn, I mean it was, but he didn't do anything sexual in it. He was meant to, but he chickened out. So instead, he's the guy who walks in the on the couple having sex. At least he has no shame.

Overall, I give this episode a 9 out of 10.
/////Season 2A Episode 4A An OK episode nothing great but a lot of fun.

Plot In A Paragraph: When the gang find out Phoebe married a gay Canadian ice dancer so he could obtain a green card, more of their secrets are revealed like what Joey did to get a bit of work experience in the acting business, whose underwear are on the telegraph pole and who has a third nipple.. Meanwhile, Rachel gives Ross bad advice on his relationship with Julie, in an attempt to stop him having sex with her.

All the gang are good here, some parts of it seemed a little forced, and you can see the close bond between Monica and Chandler in this episode.

And for the second episode in a row Jennifer Aniston was really cold during the filming of this episode.
/////Season 2A Episode 4A The laugh track in this one was working harder than a one armed taxi driver with itchy nuts
/////Season 2A Episode 4A This episode was kind of slow. The story about Phoebe's husband had potential but it didn't work out as great as it could. Although the scene where he comes out as straight is pretty good. Very well written dialogue how he talks about deep down always knowing he was straight but wanting to fit in and how his parents will be fine with it

The beginning where we find out about Chandler's nubbin is kind of good and them watching Joey's porn was funny

Other than that the story mainly concentrates on Rachel trying to stop Ross from sleeping with Julie. It leads to a very touching moment at the end where she realizes how much he wants it and actually gives him advice even though it hurts her
/////Season 2A Episode 5A There is a certain true to life element in this episode.

Plot In A Paragraph: The gang are divided by income issues; Monica, Ross and Chandler have money, and Rachel, Phoebe and Joey don't. The latter keep feeling obliged to do things with their friends even though the cant afford it. Things come to a head just prior to Ross's birthday when Monica gets a big promotion at work. In a subplot, Chandler goes to unconventional methods to land a beautiful woman (guest star Britney Powell) much to Ross's disgust.

I really liked the Chandler storyline (as unrealistic as it was) and I found it funny, I thought it was a good evening out of the serious side of the episode about the devide in the group.
/////Season 2A Episode 5A great episode with chandler at his best. The rest of the cast as well does a great job. And as a guy I really liked the guest appearance by Brittney Powell as Jade. I did however find some flaws. When the friends Ross, Monica and Chandler are at the Hootie and the Blowfish concert the song "I Go Blind" starts playing and at the end of the concert you hear the ending of the same song.I also really liked the fight between the poor friends and the richer friends because this also divides people in real life. You can see how the poor friends Joey, Rachel and Phoebe are obligated to do things that cost too much to fit their budget and still go along with it because it are their friends.
/////Season 2A Episode 5A I really love this episode. It's excellent. I love the way Joey, Phoebe and Rachel stand up for themselves in it.

In this episode, everyone goes out to a fancy restaurant for Ross's birthday. Monica gets promoted to head-chef, so that's even more reason to celebrate. Rachel, Phoebe and Joey barely order anything because they don't have as much money as Chandler, Ross and Monica. At the end of the meal, Ross splits the check six ways and they all have to pay thirty-something dollars. Phoebe, Rachel and Joey all refuse to pay that much, when they barely had anything to eat. So, they all pay for what they ordered, which is the way it should be. Then everyone wants to get tickets to Hoody And The Blowfish, I hope I'm spelling that right, for Ross's birthday present. But, three don't have the money. They decided they didn't have to go to the concert and that they'd just have dinner together. Phoebe, Rachel and Joey tell them to go to the concert. So they do. And the others are left sad, at home. In the end, the money part of the group tells them that they will try to be more understanding about their financial situation, when it comes to future occasions and meals.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10.
/////Season 2A Episode 5A I love his they address the money issue and yet still come together in support of Monica at the end.

There was, however, a continuity error in regards to what Ross orders at the restaurant. In this episode he orders prawns for dinner, however in a later episode when Ross and Rachel go out to dinner with her dad, Dr Green attempts to order lobsters for all 3 of them at the table, this is when Ross' shellfish allergy is announced.
/////Season 2A Episode 5A Great episode with chandler at his best. The rest of the cast as well does a great job. And as a guy I really liked the guest appearance by Brittney Powell as Jade. I did however find some flaws. When the friends Ross, Monica and Chandler are at the Hootie and the Blowfish concert the song "I Go Blind" starts playing and at the end of the concert you hear the ending of the same song.I also really liked the fight between the poor friends and the richer friends because this also divides people in real life. You can see how the poor friends Joey, Rachel and Phoebe are obligated to do things that cost too much to fit their budget and still go along with it because it are their friends.
/////Season 2A Episode 5A What I liked the most about this episode was the fact that they brought in the problem people often have in real life, which is lack of money that is especially problematic when some of the friends make more money. They kind of didn't succeed making it to be very funny, but it was a good idea. And at the end Monica gets fired.

The story about Chandler and the hot girl who called his number thinking it was Bob kind of sucked. Yeah, it was funny how she later told "Bob" that she didn't like having sex with Chandler, but other than that it was pretty boring and I couldn't wait for the scenes related to this storyline to end.
/////Season 2A Episode 5A Ha ha with a name like that it would have to be funny........it wasn't
/////Season 2A Episode 6A In this episode all the stories are a success. The one where Chandler and Joey take Ben out to use him as a chick magnet (although they do get mistaken for being gay) and then leave him on the bus is hilarious. The best part is how they try to decide which of the babies is Ben and end up flipping a coin to make this decision

The part where Phoebe is upset because the Central Perk owner hired a professional singer (the lead from the Pretenders) and will pay her money but won't do the same for Phoebe. Her having a conversation with the singer to try to make herself feel better and the songs she is playing in front of Central Perk make one really laugh
/////Season 2A Episode 6A Monica is unemployed. She goes with Ross to the Hospital, since Ross is having an allergic attack because of a kiwi pie that Monica did. (We discover in this episode that he is allergic to Kiwi)

Phoebe is forbidden by the owner of Central Perk to play there, since she sings very bad.

Joey and Chandler take care of Ben while Ross is out. Joey says that this is a good opportunity for them to make success with girls,since they love guys with kids, but they are mistake as a gay couple for some of the girls they are attracted to. The worst thing happens when they forget Ben inside a bus they took.
/////Season 2A Episode 6A I love this episode Plot In A Paragraph:Phoebe is devastated when she loses her singing gig at Central Perk to a professional singer. Joey volunteers himself and and Chandler to babysit Ben, when Monica takes Ross to the hospital after an allergic reaction. Of course he has an ulterior motive, and they take the baby cruising round New York looking for babes.

Whilst the Pheobe storyline takes up a lot of screen time and has the guest star, for me this episode is all about Joey and Chandler with Ben. Both Matthew Perry and Matt Le Blanc were superb, my only complaint (and this is nit picking) would Schwimmers acting at times is a little off, but that said faking an allergic reaction would have me looking awkward.... see I said it was nit picking
/////Season 2A Episode 6A I really love this episode. It's hilarious. It's really interesting to see what could happen if people left a baby on a bus.

In this episode, Ross eats a pie that Monica made. However, he didn't realize that it had kiwi in it, as he is allergic to kiwi. He gets a terrible allergic reaction to the pie and Monica takes him to the hospital, even though he is reluctant for two reasons. 1. He doesn't want to leave new baby, Ben with Chandler and Joey. 2. He doesn't want to get a needle. It's hilarious when Ross tries to convince the doctor that he doesn't need the injection. Suck it up, man. Chandler and Joey go on a bus with Ben and try to pick up women. But, they unfortunately left Ben on the bus and they have to go through the necessary hassle of finding him. Meanwhile, a professional guitarist plays in Phoebe's spot in Central Perk which makes her very upset and jealous. It turns out that Rachel's boss hired her because he didn't like Phoebe's music as much. Phoebe convinces Rachel to get the boss to hire her instead, but she gets greedy when asking for money, because the other girl was being paid.

Fun Fact: Giovanni Ribisi makes an appearance, and will later appear as Phoebe's half- brother, Frank Jr.

Fun Fact: Ross says that he hopes Ben will have a little sister one day. Later, in Season 8, he will have a baby girl, Emma with Rachel.

Overall, I give this episode an 8 out of 10.
/////Season 2A Episode 6A Flipping a coin to choose a baby. Lol, Joey and Chandler are so hilarious.
/////Season 2A Episode 6A Ross eats Monica's kiwi pie, and has an allergic reaction to it. Even though he hates injections, Monica takes him to the hospital, meaning Chandler and Joey have to take care of baby Ben. They use him to seduce women, but forget the baby on the bus, and go through the hassle of finding him again. In the meantime, a professional guitarist plays in Phoebe's spot in Central Perk, leading to her being jealous and to Rachel feeling bad about it.
/////Season 2A Episode 6A Oh they left the baby on the bus.......goof one!!!!
/////Season 2A Episode 7A Chandler got a little extra weight in the past weeks, and Monica, who still is unemployed, decides to help him to loose weight. Chandler stays very annoyed with Monica's methods of training and tells her that he doesn't want her to help him anymore.

Ross and Julie decides to get a cat together, as new step in their relationship.

Rachel goes on a date with Michael, Monica's friend, but she gets drunk and calls Ross to give him a ''closure'' in their relationship. The problem is that the message was saved in Ross' machine, and when he listens to it, he discovers Rachel's feelings for him.

Phoebe stays worried why Scott, the guy she is going out, doesn't want to sleep with her.
/////Season 2A Episode 7A In this episode Ross and his girlfriend decided to get a cat, Rachel is still in love with him and has a really hard time. She confesses her feelings for him over a phone call while being drunk. Ross is very confused and doesnt know what to do, but by the end of the episode they finally kiss. It was an interesting idea to show man vs woman perspective on the kiss. In the meantime Monica helps Chandler to lose weight and Phoebe is dating a new guy and everything is fine except the didnt slept together yet. Later we found out he is better player then Joey. Fun fact - writers really loved the connection between Monica and Chandler in this episode and maybe they got the inspiration for their future relationship from here.
/////Season 2A Episode 7A In this episode it is Ross's turn to find out that Rachel has feelings for him. And it is done in a brilliant way. The date with Michael where she gets drunk is very funny, so is the message she leaves Ross and so is the scene when Ross listens to the message. And after all the fun scenes we also get a dramatic scene of a fight in Central Perk and then a beautiful, romantic moment when Ross comes back and it ends with a passionate kiss.

Besides this I wasn't too impressed with the rest of the episode. Chandler and Monica exercising isn't that great. And this is the first time when Monica's annoying and shrill personality shines through. a little preview to the future where this is all she will ever be.

And Phoebe's story is slightly sexist. What dopes it mean he "made her believe this is a good idea"? For women having casual sex can be a good idea as well, not all are desperate for relationship
/////Season 2A Episode 7A I really like this episode. It's funny and I feel terrible for saying this, but I really like it when Rachel's sad. I hate the Ross and Rachel relationship and when she continuously complains about it, it gets a bit annoying.

In this episode, Rachel says she's over Ross, so she's set up on a date by Monica. At the dinner, Rachel gets drunk and calls Ross. She gets his answering machine and leaves a terrible, drunken message about how she's doing fine, but we all know it's a cry for help. Meanwhile, Chandler wants to get in shape and Monica volunteers to be his personal trainer. At one point, he doesn't want to work out, so Monica bribes him with her boobs. She says if he does a certain amount of sit-ups, she'll flash him.

Overall, I give this episode a 7 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Great.
/////Season 2A Episode 7A I can't believe I stopped watching death in paradise to watch this
/////Season 2A Episode 7A Rachel claims to be over Ross and Monica sets her up with a date. Rachel doesn't concentrate on her date and gets really drunk because she is upset that Ross and Julie are going to buy a cat together. Her date tells her she needs a "closure" to get over Ross. Rachel then calls Ross and leaves him a message saying she is over him. When Ross hears the message he is taken aback that Rachel has feelings for him and is very confused. Ross refuses to buy a cat and tells Rachel she had no right telling him about her feelings because he was ok before he knew and now he isn't. They argue and kiss.
/////Season 2A Episode 8A This episode is the only one of the entire 10 seasons that drives me nuts everytime I see it. Forget the ridiculousness of Joey, Chandler and Ross making a list. Then Rachel sees her name on the computer for a brief second, insists on knowing what it is. Like none of them could have stood up to her and said it's private. Then it "accidentally" prints and Chandler bumbles through a horrible made up story. Finally, and what I can't past, is "She's not Rachum". To insinuate that Rachel is that dumb that she doesn't realize Ross is saying "She's not Rachel" is just pushing it too far. Also at anytime Joey and Chandler could have easily claimed responsibility for the list. This episode is just to far off from the wall. I realize it's not real, it's supposed to be funny and there are tons of plot holes but this one drives me nuts!
/////Season 2A Episode 8A God I'm sick of the reviewer who writes Plot in a paragraph and e.g. OVERALL, I GIVE THIS EPISODE AN 8 OUT OF 10 WHICH IN MY RATING BOOKS IS: GOOD. I DON'T CARE! CHILL out about the episode. It's great. The writers just didn't want Ross and Rachel to get together, so what? It created a great episode. For all those The One with the Prom Video lovers, if this episode had Ross and Rachel get together, then that episode wouldn't exist. It wouldn't be.
/////Season 2A Episode 8A Ross stays in doubt between Rachel and Julie. Rachel always was his passion, but his relationship with Julie is great. Chandler gives him the idea of making a list of their defects to become easier for him to choose between them two. Things turns out to become very bad when Rachel sees the list,since Rachel doesn't want to be with Ross anymore.

Monica is hired to make recipes for a new synthetic product called ''Mockolate ', who wants to be the substitute of chocolate. But the product, besides not being approved for any institution yet, has a terrible taste, making everybody feel disgusted only to prove it (Phoebe and Rachel included, since Monica makes the girls try her recipes).
/////Season 2A Episode 8A Worst episode of the second season which so far has been solid.

Plot In A Paragraph: When he is unable to decide who he wants (Like every viewer does not know he REALLY wants Rachel) Ross uses Chandlers new laptop to make a list of pros and cons to decide whether to be with Julie or Rachel. Meanwhile, a desperate for work Monica gets a job making food with a disgusting chocolate substitute.

So far season 2 of "Friends" has been very solid, but this is the worst episode so far of this season, as Ross dithers over who he wants, and then upsets Rachel for what appears to be no good reason other than to keep him and Rachel apart so the writers can use the same Ross and Rachel storyline that has worked so well so far.
/////Season 2A Episode 8A Ross finally makes a decision between Rachel and Julie. But the problem is he does so by writing a list about what is wrong with Rachel and Rachel finds it out. She gets angry because of it and refuses to go out with Ross. So the audience is just being teased by thinking that they are finally together and then being disappointed. Very clever! Rachel did slightly annoy me in this episode, while I totally see why she was upset she was really annoying trying to see what is in Chandlers computer

Monica's story about mocklate was more silly than funny. Nothing really special. The only part in it that was funny was when Phoebe tries it and says "Oh this is what evil must taste like!"
/////Season 2A Episode 8A Monica gets a job for a company trying to market synthetic chocolate named Mocklate, to no avail. After a few episodes of Ross being tortured that he needs to choose between his current girlfriend and Rachel, the woman he has loved since high school, he and Chandler write a pro/con list. Rachel discovers the list and is upset enough to decide she does not want to be with Ross.

This is far from the best of the series, but it is still funny and touching. It was also necessary to stretch out the eventual coupling of Ross and Rachel.
/////Season 2A Episode 8A I love this episode. It's very funny and it makes me hate Ross even more than I already do.

In this episode, Monica gets a job trying to come up with a new Thanksgiving recipe for a new synthetic chocolate, called mockolate, which from the face she makes when she tries it, is not the most appetizing thing on the planet. Meanwhile, Ross can't decide whether he wants to stay with Julie or go after Rachel, so he makes a pros and cons list. When Rachel finds out, things do not end well.

Overall, I give this episode an 8 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Awesome.
/////Season 2A Episode 8A Rachel tells Phoebe and Monica, Ross tells Chandler and Joey about their kiss. Ross doesn't know what he's doing because he can't figure out whether to be with Julie or Rachel. Everyone (including Julie) is at Central Perk and Phoebe sings a song about their love triangle. Monica gets a new job making up recipes for a synthetic chocolate substitute. Chandler, Joey and Ross make a list with Julie and Rachel's pros and cons to make it easier for Ross to pick one of them. Monica makes Phoebe and Rachel try her terrible Mockolate recipes. Ross breaks up with Julie and Rachel is very happy but she sees the list they wrote and is not exactly happy... they argue and Rachel doesn't want to be with Ross anymore. Ross gives everything to win Rachel back
/////Season 2A Episode 8A While perhaps not being the best episode of 'Friends' ever (despite it being written by creators Marta Kauffman and David Crane) this is still a decent one.

Ross dithers as only Ross can about which of the two women in his life to be with - Rachel or Julie - and it all blows up in his face.

I think the problem with this episode is that the other characters are mainly just serving the purpose of observing the action. Matthew Perry has some funny moments, but apart from that the others are underused.

The Monica B plot is OK, nothing special. There are some nice lines.

Overall, even an average episode of 'Friends' is better than most sitcoms.
/////Season 2A Episode 8A A list of things in this episode which were funny.1.
/////Season 2A Episode 9A A very nice Christmas episode. The story with Phoebe's dad is pretty interesting and it is also funny when she finds out that the man she always thought was her father is in reality just a guy in the frame and her father is not a famous tree surgeon in Burma. Her going to see him with Chandler and Joey in her cab was both sweet as they were supporting her and also very funny when she got her cheat sheet for driving

Monica's and Rachel's Christmas party was also great. The fact that it is very hot and they even open the fridge door to cool themselves off is great. And I liked how it turned out that superintendent liked being tipped with cookies while Ross was trying to give him money so that he repairs the heater. And it was great that at the end it was Joey out of them all who figured out how to turn off the heat
/////Season 2A Episode 9A It's Christimas. Monica and Rachel decides to give a Christima's party.

Ross tries to make Rachel less angry with him, but without any success. (He even tells her to make a list of his defects as well!)

Phoebe discovers that her real father, Frank Buffay, is alive and is a pharmacist, when she talks to her grandmother, who always lied to her about him. She gives Phoebe a photo of her real dad, and Phoebe decides to try to contact him. She invites Joey and Chandler to go with her to meet her dad, since she is nervous about their encounter.

The Christima's party that Monica and Rachel did becomes a Christmas's sauna when their heat breaks.
/////Season 2A Episode 9A So, the past 3 episodes have been mostly centered on Ross and Rachel's relationship. This one starts out with the gang at Rachel and Monica's place, which includes Ross and Rachel talking to each other freely with out any unhappy emotion. The next scene takes place at the coffee shop and as soon as Ross walks in Rachel turns sour and refuses to talk to him. But weren't they just talking to each other the scene before and she wasn't mad at all but now at the first sight she hates him. I can't help but wonder if there was a writing error or maybe an editing problem. Then the whole episode centers on Ross and Rachel and turns the title of the episode into a subplot. Pheobe isn't my favorite character in the show (probably my least favorite), but I was really interested in her story. But her story felt... sidelined, by the Ross and Rachel flip-flop story line. These past 2 episodes have felt the same because of the same annoying plot line. So, I give this episode a C+, based on the fact that I liked Pheobe's story-line, but the uninteresting, cliché main plot is getting old (trust me, I know the whole series is full of it). Thanks for reading!
/////Season 2A Episode 9A The friends are preparing for the festive season. Rachel is still mad at Ross. Phoebe realizes her mother lied to her and gave her a picture of a model pretending it was Phoebes father. She goes to see her grandmother who tells her Phoebe her father is really a pharmacist and not a worshipped tree surgeon in Burma. Phoebe's grandmother gives her a photo of her real dad. Ross suggests that Rachel should make a list about him to feel better. She makes the list and does feel better but Ross drives everyone nuts trying to prove every point on the list wrong. Chandler and Joey go with Phoebe to see her dad. Rachel and Monica have a Christmas party at their place. Phoebe doesn't want to be disappointed in her dad and doesn't go to meet her dad.
/////Season 2A Episode 9A Loved the Rachael, well, steamy sweaty Rachel to be precise. Want more of sweaty Rachel.
/////Season 2A Episode 9A Not the best episode "Friends" ever produced but more than watchable.

Plot In A Paragraph: it's Christmas and Ross is desperate for Rachel to forgive him, without much success, so he tells her to make a cons list about him, hoping it will make her feel a bit better about the list he made about her. Meanwhile Pheobe decides she wants to meet her birth father and Joey and Chandler go with her. Elsewhere Monica an Rachel's birthday party turns into a sauna when the heating breaks.

All the cast do an OK job, but this episode was more about keeping things moving a long, Rachel is still mad at Ross who is keen to make amends and prove her wrong, and the Phoebe storyline deals with her accepting she has been told lies all her life about who her father really was. It has its moments, but it's not one of the seasons best.
/////Season 2A Episode 9A I shouldn't be too critical of friends. It's not as bad as party of five
/////Season 2A Episode 10 Joey is angry because of his failure as an actor. He eventually gets an audition for the soap opera 'Days of our Lives', and since he slept with the casting lady, he got the role of doctor Drake Ramoray

Monica starts to date Fun Bobby again. The Friends start to notice that Fun Bobby is an alcoholic and Monica talks to him to stop with this terrible habit. The problem is that Fun Bobby stops to be ''Fun'' when he quits drinking, becoming a very annoying person when he is sober. The situation gets inverted, and Monica is the one who needs to drink to enjoy staying with Fun Bobby.

Rachel starts to go out with a guy who is totally similar to Ross, Russ.

(Hilarious end: Julie & Russ getting together!)
/////Season 2A Episode 10 This is one of the weaker episodes. The idea of Rachel falling for someone exactly like Ross isn't very original nor is much done with it. I didn't really get to laugh much through this story

The story about Fun Bobby being an alcoholic is just as dull as Bobby himself after he stopped drinking. The only slightly funny part of it was the fact that he believed that Monica was an alcoholic too and broke up with her because he didn't want to be in a co-dependent relationship

I think Joey's story was the best one in the episode. at least in the beginning, the reading of reviews was the best part in the whole episode. And it is also an important story since this is how Joey gets his first big role, his big break as Dr. Drake Ramorey
/////Season 2A Episode 10 Joey gets lots of bad reviews for his play. Monica is back with Bobby who drinks too much. Rachel has a date and tells everyone she is not mad at Ross but doesn't have any feelings for him anymore either. Her date's name is Russ and he looks like Ross. Bobby will sober up for Monica - only problem: sober Bobby is boring. Joey will get a part in a TV show but he has to sleep with the casting lady which he doesn't know if he should do. Monica starts drinking to be able to stand boring sober Bobby and Bobby breaks up with her because he thinks he can't be in a relationship with another alcoholic. Joey sleeps with the casting lady and gets a big part in the show. Rachel dumps Russ because she realizes he is exactly like Ross. Julie comes over to drop some stuff for Ross and Russ and she fall for each other.
/////Season 2A Episode 10 Another weak episode in season 2 for "Friends".

Plot In A Paragraph: Rachel starts dating someone called Russ who is very similar to Ross, meanwhile Joey's spirits are lifted when he gets the chance to audition for the TV show "Days Of Our Lives" but his joy is short lived when he realises him getting the role depends on him sleeping with the casting director.

The Joey storyline was the best part of this episode, especially early on. However I found the Rachel falling for Russ (David Schwimmer in a dual role) and not seeing the similarities to Ross lame and unfunny.

Things have dried up a bit since the episode called 'The List' Hopefully things pick up soon.
/////Season 2A Episode 10 Again, as others have said, this isn't the best episode of 'Friends' you'll ever see, and is one that rather relies on the 'actor playing two roles' concept for the main source of its comedy.

The Joey storyline is certainly the best of the three, and it's always lovely to see Matt Le Blanc and Matthew Perry bounce off of each other.

The Monica/Fun Bobby storyline isn't too bad, there's some good jokes there, and Courtney Cox does well.

I think the writers were unsure where they wanted Ross and Rachel to go, and that's why we get these filler episodes along the way. I certainly thought this episode was a bit average though.
/////Season 2A Episode 10 Judging by the laugh track you would think this episode is hilarious. It isn't.
/////Season 2A Episode 11 I have watched the show (especially the first 4 seasons) maybe a dozen times over all these years, and this is one of my favorite．According to some books about story and characters, most good story should also dig deeper and deeper into a character. The show began with Ross' divorce due to his wife Carol realized that she is lesbian. And Ross has always been kind of hostile and competitive against the other woman, Susan. While in this episode, Ross stepped in when Carol's parents refused to come to the wedding and give away Carol to Susan, and Susan invited him to dance at the wedding. That's the original Ross, boyish but sweet deep inside. It's a pity that they have kind of ruined this character later to keep the show running longer.
/////Season 2A Episode 11 Susan and carol are going to marry, for Ross' despair.

Monica will be the new supplier of their wedding buffet, since she still is unemployed and the original supplier gave up.

Rachel's mother wants to divorce from Rachel' s dad, and Rachel tries to make her mother change her mind.

And old client from Phoebe's dies on her massage table. Phoebe thinks the old lady's spirit is in her body and she starts to behave and talk like the old lady.

Carol and Susan suffer from a crisis, since Carol doesn't want to marry Susan without her parents' consent. They almost canceled their wedding, but incredibly, Ross is the one who gives Carol support to go ahead with the wedding , also giving Carol away to Susan, since her parents deny to go in her lesbian wedding.
/////Season 2A Episode 11 Not sure what is going on with all these substandard offerings of late. They are all watchable episodes and are very easy going TV that is easy to watch, they just are not very funny.

Plot In A Paragraph: it's the wedding of Ross's ex wife Carol and her lesbian lover Susan, Monica is hired to do the catering when the original caterer has an accident, meanwhile Phoebe finds herself possessed by the spirit of a client who died on her massage table.

I really liked the scene where Ross convinced Carol to go through with the wedding when she started to have doubts after her homophobic parents reveal they will not go to a gay wedding.

It's interesting to see now, all these years later how prejudice some people were, and still are in some places.
/////Season 2A Episode 11 Ross isn't confident enough to accept attending his ex Carol's lesbian wedding to Susan. Because the wedding caterer has a bad accident, Monica gets the job, a first for her, but can't get it done without generalized slave labor... Joey has his first TV appearance as Dr. Drake Ramore in Days of Our Lives, and shows the friends some acting tricks used there. Phoebe's 82 year-old client Rose died on her massage table, and her spirit went into her- now she has two crazy personalities and an octogenarian's agenda. Rachel was all nerves for her ma's first visit since she blew her wealthy wedding to Barry, but actually her happiness in poverty inspires her mother, who never worked but cracks at everybody, to leave Rach's pa and cheerfully join the crazy modern girls life. Everybody attends the wedding, and when Carol's parents won't give her away, Ross took the care.
/////Season 2A Episode 11 It is interesting to watch this episode now. It was filmed over 15 years ago and the attitudes to homosexuality have probably changed. I am not saying that everyone is OK with it, but living in Canada now that gay marriage is legal for years I don't find the joke where Carol tells Ross that they are getting married and he says "As in I pronounce you wife and wife?" funny

But I liked how they made this episode. It is promoting tolerance and that love is all that matters. And I find it absolutely sweet that when Carol doesn't know if to go through with the wedding because her parents don't want to come Ross encourages her to go through with it and says that they are doing it for each other. And then he is there for her and gives her away to Susan at the wedding.

Rachel annoyed me at this episode. She was so selfish and inconsiderate of her mother. But I guess they did it on purpose to show how sometimes people can be hypocritical and don't see someone having the same problems as them, especially when it comes to parents
/////Season 2A Episode 11 This is a really nice episode of 'Friends', a ground-breaking one at the time due to its attitudes towards gay marriage.

There are some lovely moments to be found here, not just from the main plot involving Ross/Carol/Susan.

We get an early sign of how funny Monica can be when she's being bossy and also when the show looks at Joey's acting career.

The 'Rachel's mum visits' plot wasn't that great but everything else in this episode worked. There's some great Matthew Perry lines in here too.

An important early episode.
/////Season 2A Episode 11 As funny as all the other episodes of friends at the very least. And quite possibly the very most.
/////Season 2A Episode 12 This is an episode with many guest stars. One of them is Dan Castellaneta who is Homer Simpson's voice. I just found it out today and I was very surprised because I never new what Homer Simpson looks like

Another one is Brooke Shields. And she did an amazing job playing the crazy stalker of Joey! The scene where they both eat at the restaurant and she starts licking his hands is amazing. And then he tries to explain to her that he is an actor and TV isn't real, and then all his friends make a soap-like scene by saying that he is the evil twin of Dr. Drake Ramoray, this scene is absolutely hilarious

Another guest star is Chris Isaac, he meets Phoebe and asks her to play for children. But then Phoebe sings songs that are very Phoebe-like, like where the meat is from and how grandma died. To me these songs are a little highlight of this episode, I am laughing no matter how many times I watched them

And while I am one of the people who is happy that Marcel didn't stay on the show, I was happy to see him and liked the scene when they all sing his favorite Lion King song and he recognizes and Ross and comes to him
/////Season 2A Episode 12 Ross stays depressed when he starts to see a commercial with a monkey very similar to Marcel. He decides to search for him in the zoo he brought Marcel, until he finds that Marcel became a show business star.

Joey starts to be be frightened with a fan who starts stalking him, until he met her in real life and eventually go in a date with her. (Erika, played by Brooke shields) Erika thinks that Joey really is Doctor Drake Ramoray, not to mention her strange habits of liking Joey's hands.

Phoebe decides to accept the invitation from a guy she has a crush,Rob Donan (Chris Isaak), to play songs for kids.
/////Season 2A Episode 12 It was an inside job. The handler on the movie set is the same one that took him at the airport to San Diego. SOLVED.
/////Season 2A Episode 12 A return to form for "Friends" after a few so so episodes, helped in no small part by a couple of guest stars Plot In A Paragraph: Joey is initially delighted to get his very own stalker, especially when he sees how hot she is (Brooke Sheilds) and he goes on a date with her. Meanwhile Phoebe is asked to sing songs for some children at a local school by a teacher (Chris Isaac) however, whilst ppular with the kids, the parents are less than thrilled by her honest songs. Elsewhere Ross tries to track down Marcel his former pet monkey who used to live with him.

I'm glad the show is back on track, and this has been one of the best episodes for a while
/////Season 2A Episode 12 Great episode with perhaps the best guest star in one episode in the series.

Chandler pulled his prank on Susie in the 4th grade. He later stated he went to an all boys high school. No plot hole.
/////Season 2A Episode 12 Joey's first fan-mail for his character Dr. Drake Ramore is from Erika Ford, who sounds like a crazy stalker, so Chandler and he are scared when she turns up, but given her looks he accepts to dine together- enough for her to think she's Drake's fiancée. Hunky Rob Donan invites Phoebe to play songs for kids in the public library, but her brutally honest lyrics shock the parents. After seeing a monkey like Marcel in a commercial, Ross decides to visit him in the San Diego Zoo, where he's officially told the capucin died but hears the truth from a hush-hush caretaker: he's in a movie being shot in New York so they all go there.
/////Season 2A Episode 12 This episode is one of the best ever! The scene in the men's bathroom at the restaurant, after Julia Roberts character takes all of Chandler's clothes, is a classic. I've seen this episode so many times and every time it comes to this scene tears roll from my eyes from laughing so hard. It never gets old.

Joey walks into the men's bathroom whistling. Chandler whistles (from inside the stale). Joey whistles again.

Chandler: Joey?

Joey: Ma?

What an absolute classic Joey thing to say!

Then Joey stands up on the toilet in the next stale and looks down into the one that Chandler is in. As he's staring down at Chandler, smiling and laughing, Ross walks in. Ross catches a glimpse of Joey in the mirror.

Ross: Uh, Joey, most people don't like it when you do that.
/////Season 2A Episode 12 Not every episode of Series Two of 'Friends' was great, but this was a return to form.

I liked all three of the stories that made up part one of this two parter, with Joey and his stalker (played by Brooke Shields no less) being the highlight.

It boasts guest stars too, with Fred Willard and Dan Castelenetta (the voice of Homer Simpson) showing just what a mega hit 'Friends' was at this time.

It's also nice to see Lisa Kudrow being given more to do, having been underused in my opinion throughout the second series to this point.
/////Season 2A Episode 13 This is a very good episode as well. One of the guest stars is Julia Roberts. She is went with Chandler to the fourth grade and one day he lifted her skirt and let everyone see her underpants. She gets her revenge by having Chandler wear her panties and leave him in the bathroom in them without any clothes on. The bathroom scene between Chandler, Joey and Ross is one of the best parts of the episode. Especially when Joey looks into Chandler's stall and Ross comes in and sees it

Monica and Rachel have a nice story too. They are fighting over Jean Claude Van Damme, and the fight scenes are very good. Especially when they fight by destroying each other's stuff
/////Season 2A Episode 13 Not just one of the best episodes of the season, but one of the best of the shows entire run.

Plot In A Paragraph: Chandler runs into a former class mate from fourth grade (A superb guest staring role from Julia Roberts) who he humiliated during the school play. Meanhile Monica and Rachel fall out over who should date Jean Claude Van Damme (playing himself) and Ross tries to spend some time with Marcel, while Joey tries to get a part in the movie Outbreak 2: The Virus Takes Manhatten.

Matthew Perry is superb in this episode and he had great chemistry with Julia Roberts. The scene where they were making out on the sofa was great and the scene in the toilet stall with David Schwimmer and Matt LeBlanc is one of my favourites.
/////Season 2A Episode 13 Have watched it over and over and still love it it's the one reason I have a Netflix subscription highly recommend
/////Season 2A Episode 13 This episode contains one of the best scenes from 'Friends': Chandler is stuck in a restaurant toilet wearing only panties (how that came to happen is also pretty interesting) and Joey is looking over from another stall; Ross walks in with no idea of what is actually going on, looks at Joey and says with a grin: 'Some people don't like that.' It's just hilarious. I could not stop laughing until my abs were hurting big time. You will need to watch it to really understand what I mean.

Other bits are pretty cool as well. This episode has Julia Roberts and Van Damme as guest stars. Rachel and Monica's fight over Van Damme is pretty hilarious. Julia Roberts is looking lovely as always.
/////Season 2A Episode 13 At the site of the movie co-starring the capucin Marcel, Ross is disappointed not to get his former pet's full attention, but is promised a reunion afterward, which is however canceled. Joey attempts to get a part in the movie. The girls only have eyes for human star Jean-Claude Van Damme; since Monica is too shy to address him, Rachel asks him, but he invites her- several rows and dates are the even literally messy result. Chandler meets a former classmate, Susie Moss, whom he once humiliated causing her to be nicknamed 'Susie underpants', but now makes him ask her out and wear her panties, alas not just for the kick. Finally Ross gets a surprise.
/////Season 2A Episode 13 After a bit of a lull in the middle the second series of 'Friends' bounced back with a good run of episodes, with this being a good example of that.

All six main actors get something substantial to do, and all three of the stories being told are fun and funny.

My personal favourite was the one involving Matthew Perry's Chandler, as Perry brings so much to the character and the interaction between all the guys in the men's room was fun too.

A really fun episode overall.
/////Season 2A Episode 13 Pretty good episode I guess cause it involves football.
/////Season 2A Episode 14 Ah, this one makes me cry every time, but more on that in a minute. This episode, like every episode of Friends has two plot lines. On the funny side, Joey starts to finally earn some money and as a gesture of thanks to Chandler for his many years of unwavering support, he buys him a gaudy gold bracelet that is engraved. Chandler of course hates it and wears it begrudgingly. He is overheard complaining about it to Phoebe, and must make amends to Joey. On the serious side, only the second best Ross and Rachel moment of the series, barely better than "she got off the plane". The gang is watching a video from when Monica and Rachel went to prom, which Ross is reluctant to watch. During the video it appears that Rachel is going to be stood up and with his father's encouragement Ross rushes off to get in a tux and be her savior. As he descends the stairs we see Rachel and Monica leaving with their dates, Ross understandably crushed. Seeing this, Rachel lets go of the grudge she has been holding, rushes over and kisses Ross in what can only be described as one of the purest kisses in the history of television. So, why does this make me blat like a baby? I am Ross and I have my Rachel out there, only I never got lucky enough to become friends as an adult with her, nor did I get to have this kind of resolution to my unrequited love, so I know well the pain Ross was feeling and the joy he must have felt in his very core at this moment. Yes, I know these are fictional characters, but it deeply resonates within my soul.
/////Season 2A Episode 14 This one of the classic Friends episode. Ross still hopes to get with Rachel but she makes it clear that it won't happen. In the meantime Monica gets a tape from her parents of their prom night and they watch it. And this is what makes this episode so amazing! All actors are great at being their younger self and they all get something about their physical appearance that makes them look different and is funny for us: Monica being fat, Rachel's big nose, Ross's hair style. And watching Ross being ready to take Rachel to the prom and all dressed and then see her leaving the house with Chip was absolutely heartbreaking. Very well done, David Schwimmer! And Rachel going to him and kissing him after seeing the video causes even more cheering than it would otherwise thanks to it. A great idea, very well done

The Chandler and Joey story about bracelets is also great. It is funny and also shows them caring for each other which is a great part of their amazing "bromance".
/////Season 2A Episode 14 This is by far the best episode so far. It's just hilarity and hilarity and hilarity and the best moment in the entire show. I LOVED Rachel for kissing Ross and I loved how happy their friends were too. I just... this episode's amazing every second of itself. Chandler and Joey were hysterical as bracelet buddies, and Monica finding her parents' sex tape was just a hysterical cherry on top of everything.
/////Season 2A Episode 14 A classic Friends episode, not as good as the last one, but still great TV.

Plot In A Paragraph: Monica receives some boxes of things off her parents from her old bedroom, in their is an old videotape of her and Rachel getting ready for their prom, which reveals Ross made an unexpected gesture all those years ago. Meanwhile Joey buys Chandler an expensive gold bracelet which he hates.

I enjoyed the Joey and Chandler storyline more than the prom video, as both Perry and Le Blanc knock it out of the park, but the prom video is still great stuff.
/////Season 2A Episode 14 Monica still can't get a job, and money is becoming tight. Ross gets her to agree to ask her parents for money. Joey buys Chandler a hideous gold friendship bracelet, and overhears Chandler complaining about it to Phoebe. Ross continues to pine after Rachel, who Phoebe insists is his "lobster", but she makes it pretty clear that its not happening. However, when an old home video of Monica and Rachel's prom is discovered, Ross's true feelings for Rachel are shown.
/////Season 2A Episode 14 By all means a great, entertaining episode. But the best of the entire series? That I have to disagree with. Given that it's primarily a comedy show, I'd expect its greatest episode to be laugh-out-loud hilarious. While this episode had some pretty funny moments, it doesn't exactly do that for me and I believe - and hope - there is greater potential in future episodes.
/////Season 2A Episode 14 Joey gives Chandler a horrible gold bracelet, who doesn't help him at all with women. When Chandler is complaining about the horrible present to Phoebe, Joey listens to it, staying hurt and angry with Chandler.

Rachel parents finally get divorced.

Since Monica still is unemployed, she gets Ross' idea of asking money for their parents, but without much success.

Ross and Rachel has a discussion about their ''no relationship'', and Rachel makes pretty clear that they are not going to date.

Monica finds her and Rachel's prom video, where Ross feelings for Rachel are finally revealed. The episode ends with Ross and Rachel kissing.
/////Season 2A Episode 14 The guy who operates the laugh track had a blister on his finger after this one.
/////Season 2A Episode 14 One of my favourite episode, still gets the goosebumps when Ross and Rachel kisses. It's so passionate and I want you right away.
/////Season 2A Episode 14 Ok this episode has a funny Joey and Chandler bracelet storyline. But the Ross and Rachel one IMO is not well executed. I think the show was at a good point for them to get together for real. And I find much of the flashback material amusing and usually like it when Monica and Ross' parents are in an episode.

So what didn't work? Well I don't like the storyline we are expected to buy within the flashback is sufficient for Ross and Rachel getting together. Rachel already knew Ross liked her from such a long time ago. In the flashback it shouldn't appear special for Ross to try to go help out Rachel when given the chance when her date didn't show up. Rachel was the Prom queen. It shouldn't be surprising for any brother of Monica to jump at the chance to take Rachel to the prom. So does Rachel decide to get together with Ross out of pity? Or was she pleased to be reminded that he loved her so long ago when she had the big nose and he had the awful hair and mustache? I'm not sure. And that is mainly why I don't think this episode works as well as many people convince themselves it works.
/////Season 2A Episode 15 Another classic episode of "Friends" which has now returned to form in great style. This is the episode in which Joey and Chandler acquire the leather armchairs in which they spend most of their time living together watching TV. It's also the first appearance of Tom Selleck as Dr Richard Burke Monica's love interest.

Plot In A Paragraph: Feeling flush with money from his 'Days Of Our Lives' gig as Dr Drake Ramorey, Joey splashes out on a big screen TV and two Lazy Boy leather chairs for Chandler and himself. However once they sit down, they never get back up. Meanwhile Monica has a job catering for an old friend of her Mam and Dad Dr Richard Burke (Tom Selleck) and Ross and Rachel struggle to move things to the next level when she keeps getting the giggles.

I love this episode. If I was making a collection of the best episodes, this one would feature on it.
/////Season 2A Episode 15 I watched this in my late 20's so I'm biased, for sure. But rewatching now, it is still funny, and a lot is happening in this episode. Two new romances, one from within the group and the other with Tom Selleck!!! They're all really good actors! They're friendship off camera definitely helped with that. And they're all young and beautiful 😏 I was surprised at how much I enjoyed it!
/////Season 2A Episode 15 Joey, who is now receiving a lot of money from DAYS OF OUR LIVES, buys new furniture (two armchairs and a big screen TV) for his and chandler's house.

Monica gets a job to work in Richard's house. Richard is a doctor and her parents friend. He is also 20 years older then her. At first, he doesn't recognize Monica, since she is thin and beautiful,later he stays surprised of how much she changed. They eventually start to feel attracted to each other and make out.

Ross and Rachel have their first night of love together in the museum. ( And we see a very funny scene when they suddenly wake up in the next day!)
/////Season 2A Episode 15 Joey buys two armchairs and a big screen TV and they never want to get up from the armchairs again. Ross and Rachel have their first official date and sleep together at Ross's museum. Monica is dating a friend of her parents who is 21 years older than her.
/////Season 2A Episode 15 In this episode we see the beginning of Ross's and Rachel's relationship. It is pretty awkward in the beginning, and Rachel can't stop laughing when they are kissing. But Ross saves it with the romantic night in the museum. What I like about it is how there are romantic moments but they don't get too much to make it boring, there is always something brought in for the laughter.

Chandler and Joey get their chairs so they can watch TV with feet up and don't want to get out of them again. It is a funny Chandler/Joey thing for the background story in the episode and shows a great chemistry between their characters

And there is the beginning of relationship between Monica and Richard that already predicts lots of funny moments in the future
/////Season 2A Episode 15 I like the bit where they don't want to get out of their chairs. Lots of funny jokes here.
/////Season 2A Episode 16 I love this episode. The part where Monica and Richard go to Jack Geller's birthday was just too funny. All the scenes where Monica gets to hear about Richard's tvinkie in the city and Jack questioning him about his young girlfriend. And Monica gets to witness her parents doing it when hiding in the bathroom. Them telling it to the Geller's is also great, Ross taking away the baseball bat and hiding the crystal while preparing for it was hilarious and Judy's reaction was also brilliant

The story of Joey and Chandler is also great. It is one of the most touching ones for me. It is so sad to see Chandler alone in the apartment after his roomie moved out, and Joey coming back and giving him a big hug is a very sweet moment.
/////Season 2A Episode 16 Not as great as the last episode, but still enjoyable Plot In A Paragraph: Joey and Chandler fall out over Joeys unhygienic cleaning habits, and Monica and Richard struggle to keep their relationship a secret at Monica's Dad's birthday party.

Although pivotal to the plot, I did not like the Joey and Chandler falling out story, and hated seeing Chandler all sad and alone in the apartment after Joey leaves. A Touching Ending To The Episode as Joey comes back for one more hug from his best friend.

Matthew Perry and Matt Le Blanc both nailed it in this episode, the both absolutely knocked it out of the park. Job well done guys
/////Season 2A Episode 16 Rachel and Phoebe decide to make a tattoo together. Phoebe was determined to tattoo a Lilly because of her mother's name, but she gave up, while Rachel does a small heart on her hip.

In Jack's (Monica's and Ross father) birthday, after much time waiting to give the new that she is dating Richard , Monica decides to tell her parents about it,since everybody is gossiping about who is the 'lollita' that Richard is going out.

Joey decides to move from his apartment with Chandler after a discussion they have. Joey saw a nice apartment available from one of his acquaintances, and he wishes to move out because he never had the opportunity of living on his own.
/////Season 2A Episode 16 The Joey and Chandler dynamic was one of the best things about the early years of 'Friends' and this was one of the first occasions where the writers tried giving them their own little storyline across various episodes.

Matthew Perry and Matt Le Blanc of course rise to the challenge effortlessly, and this episode allows them to play both comedy and dramatic moments well.

The Rachel and Phoebe storyline is pure a throwaway sitcom storyline, but there's fun to be had in the other story involving Monica and Doctor Richard Burke, played by guest star Tom Selleck.

A good episode overall.
/////Season 2A Episode 16 Phoebe talks Rachel into getting a tattoo despite, or rather because of, Ross's disapproval. At dad Jack Geller's birthday party, Dr. Richard Burke has some trouble hearing comments about his unspecified date, Monica more hearing about hers and the worst when she's accidentally in the bathroom while her parents get intimate. After a tiny row about using each-others stuff, even soap, Joey considers moving out of Chandler's apartment to live alone for the first time now he has a good contract and another actor moves to an even posher one.
/////Season 2A Episode 16 This is too weird! I saw this episode tonight, and noticed that Mrs. Geller (the "Mom") was played by Christina Pickles. When I saw her during the show, I thought to myself that she looked (though thinner) just like the rough woman in Clint Eastwood's "Sudden Impact" (who Dirty Harry turns down by stating "Never with animals". So, I drop by IMDb and check out Christina Pickles, and search to find any movies she acted in with Clint Eastwood, and the search came up empty. Then I went to "Sudden Impact", read the plot summary, and checked out the character "Ray Parkins", and it turned out that Ray Parkins (the "rough woman" as I call her) was played by Audrie J. Neenan, who was also in this episode (as "Emily") of "Friends"!!!! Now that's WEIRD!!!!
/////Season 2A Episode 16 I like the bit where they make fun of Richard for being old.
/////Season 2A Episode 17 Now that Chandler and Joey live by themselves they really miss each other. It is very well shown and played by both of them. I love the scene where they watch Baywatch together while talking on the phone. And then Eddie moves in with Chandler, but he sure can't replace Joey and it is very sweet how Joey gets all jealous about it

Phoebe gets discovered. But turns out that the voice in her video is not her. I personally love the Smelly cat video, pretty funny. And this story gives the song a new meaning.

A nice addition to the episode is Monica and Ross spending too much time together and having their brother/sister fights
/////Season 2A Episode 17 A funny episode as the scenes between Perry and Le Blanc are touching, but Schwimmer irritates the living hell out of me Plot In A Paragraph: When Joey shows the friends his new apartment, Chandler makes an excuse not to go. It's obvious to everyone that Chandler and Joey miss each other and they start to watch Baywatch in their apartments while talking on the phone together. Phoebe is discovered and she gets a chance to record "Smelly Cat". Ross is driving Monica crazy because he is spending so much time at hers and Rachel's place. Chandler finds a new roommate called Eddie, but is shocked to find that Eddie doesn't like foosball nor Baywatch...

David Schwimmer really annoyed me in this episode, as he behaves very unreasonably and very childishly. I did like the scenes between Joey and Chandler, and Joey getting jealous of Chandler's new flat mate.
/////Season 2A Episode 17 This is one of my all time favorite in the series due to the fact that it introduces us to Eddie. He is hands down my favorite short run character. He starts off seeming quite normal in this episode, but swiftly devolves into a nutcase.
/////Season 2A Episode 17 Joey shows his new apartment to all of his friends, with Chandler's exception, who doesn't want to go there. They both miss each other's company, but they are too proud to tell each other about that.

Chandler's search for a new roommate ends when Eddie shows up. Joey stays angry with Eddie living in his ex apartment, since he was thinking about moving again to there. He has a jealous crisis, since he thinks that Chandler prefers Eddie then he.

Phoebe gets a chance to record a clip for "Smelly Cat" , but since she cannot cooperate with the team and has a terrible voice, the producer hires a talented singer to be her voice in the clip.
/////Season 2A Episode 17 Focusing on the positives first - the scenes between Joey and Chandler are great. Their friendship was so great in these early years.

It's also great to have Adam Goldberg be part of the cast for a few episodes, and his character of Eddie (Chandler's new roommate) is brilliant.

The Phoebe storyline is fun too, with some gentle jabs about the media and fame that the cast themselves were having at the time.

The story that doesn't work is the one involving Ross/Rachel/Monica. Annoying would be the word I'd use to describe it.

A decent episode on the whole though.
/////Season 2A Episode 17 Yes eddies great. So are Joey and chandler. But the scene in the beginning with the pie? I LMAO every time I see it!!!
/////Season 2A Episode 17 Adam Goldberg nailed this character! Wished they cast him longer than 3 episodes. Enjoyed his out of the blue outburst of craziness. Sure, Chandler suffered a little bit while missing Joey but had fun watching Adam on the show. Had a really good laugh in that 3 episodes.
/////Season 2A Episode 17 Chandler gets a new roommate, who is damn funny. Phoebe gets the chance to make a music video for her song "Smelly Cat". Ross and Monica clash when he is always at her and Rachel's apartment.
/////Season 2A Episode 17 I like the song smelly cat just as much as I like every thing about this show.
/////Season 2A Episode 18 The scenes with Rachel, Monica, Richard & Ross are just hilarious. Can't imagine how good the actors must've felt shooting them. Middle season 2 is pretty great, and this episode is no exception.
/////Season 2A Episode 18 Plot In A Paragraph: Ross gets insecure when Rachel compares him and her former lover Paolo, Monica and Richard talk their individual numbers and elsewhere Chandler finds Eddie (A brilliant Adam Goldberg) is not only not as much fun or as interesting to spend time with as Joey, but he is also prone to mood swings and is very suspicious and his behaviour erratic. Meanwhile Joey manages to upset the writers of 'Days Of Our Lives' when he suggests he writes his own lines during a magazine interview.

There is some great stuff in this episode, mainly revolving around Joey, Chandler and Eddie
/////Season 2A Episode 18 Eddie and Chandler starts to get to know each other, as Phoebe's suggests, but Chandler stays frightened with Eddie's strange behaviors and thinks he is a maniac and less interesting to live then Joey.

Monica stays worried when Richard asks her about how many men she had in her life, since she had MANY more then him. (He only had his ex and Monica!)

Joey does an unnecessary comment for a gossip magazine about his role as Dr. Drake Ramoray, telling that he rewrites some of his dialogs. The soap opera's writer stays angry with that interview, and decides to kill the character Drake as a revenge to Joey.

Ross has a jealous crisis when he knows that Rachel had 'animal sex' with Paolo.
/////Season 2A Episode 18 Chandler gets to know Eddie more and what he finds out doesn't make him happy since Eddie is kind of crazy. And this is very well played by Adam Goldberg, he is very intenser and give his character a kind of creepiness that one understands why Chandler is a bit disturbed by him very well.

We also get to see some couple trouble between Monica and Richard, and Rachel and Ross when they discuss their past sex life. A pretty good idea to include it into the show. And then we get a few laughs when Monica and Rachel discuss who gets the last condom while Ross and Richard wait for them. I liked the awkward silence and how Ross tried to break it by discussing Richard's mustache. The best is of course the last scene where both of them meet each other at the bathroom wearing Monica's and Rachel's bathrobes. Hilarious!

And I liked Joey's death scene on DOOL. He really didn't care about acting and was showing how upset he is.
/////Season 2A Episode 18 Chandler finds out Eddie is not only much less fun then Joey, but positively crazy and frighteningly suspicious and inconsistent. Ross is stressing out to learn Rachel had 'animal sex' with Paolo; Richard and Monica are uncomfortable to learn she is only his second lover, he the last in a long row; there's a logistical dilemma for both couples' make up-sex. After Joey told a TV digest he 'rewrites some of his dialogues', an insulted scenarist writes his character, Dr. Drake Ramoray, to fall to his death, ending his Days of Our Lives career.
/////Season 2A Episode 18 This episode is so hilarious I almost laughed without the laugh track telling me to.
/////Season 2A Episode 18 With Ross and Rachel being a couple by this stage, and Monica being paired up with Richard (guest star Tom Selleck) it made sense for the two couples to have an episode where they are together.

It's a shame then that their storyline doesn't really work, and both the males are stood around waiting while the girls barter over condoms.

The other major story line featuring Phoebe and Chandler (along with psychotic roommate Eddie, played to perfection by Adam Goldberg) is far more interesting.

And of course poor old Joey gets killed off in 'Days of Our Lives', in a way only Joey could go.

A good episode.
/////Season 2A Episode 19 This episode is one if the very best of the entire season 2. All three plots are hilarious, and I especially loved the girls reading Be Your Own Windkeeper. Also, Eddie is getting more and more hilarious in every episode.
/////Season 2A Episode 19 Adam Goldberg was great during his time on the show, and it's almost sad that this is his final appearance, but it's a funny one.

Credit too must go to Matthew Perry, who doesn't try to beat what Goldberg is doing.

There are some lovely moments between Matt Le Blanc and David Schwimmer in this episode too, as poor Joey has to cope with the fact he's no longer a big time actor.

I could take or leave the other story line involving the girls though, but that's personal choice.
/////Season 2A Episode 19 It's a shame we say goodbye to Adam Goldberg as he has been brilliant, but who didn't want Joey and Chandler living side by side again?? Plot In A Paragraph: Chandler is disturbed when he finds Eddie watching him sleep, so he demands he moves out. Eddie doesn't seem to take that or several other hints, meanwhile Joey is struggling with bills now he has lost his 'Days Of Our Lives' job, and is refusing to audition for roles of lesser quality, and the girls all become addicted to an empowering book.

I love this episode, the girls storyline slightly lets it down, but that is more than made up for by Matthew Perry, Matt Le Blanc and Adam Goldberg.
/////Season 2A Episode 19 Chandler stays frightened with Eddie's strange habit of seeing him sleep, and decides to expel him from his apartment once and for all, using the same lunatic tactics that Eddie usually does day by day.

Phoebe,Rachel and Monica starts to talk about a feminist book called 'Be your Own Wind Keeper'', who calls women ''godesses'' and says how men ''steal their wind''.

Joey stays full of bills and debts because of the new stuff he bought for his new apartment, and now, unemployed, he refuses to take small roles as a job.

Joey comes back to his ex apartment, to live with Chandler again.
/////Season 2A Episode 19 In this episode Eddie becomes even crazier and creepier. Again I would like to say that Adamn Goldberg did a great job. And so did people who came up with the ideas of everything Eddie was doing: watching Chandler sleep, absolutely not remember what happened the day before etc. I did cringe when he took the poor goldfish out of the aquarium and put it into his pocket, but since I am sure no real fish was hurt, it's all good, lol

Girls reading the book that taught them hoe to be "goddesses" that don't let "men steal their wind" was great as well. I love the fight they had and all the things they yelled at each other

And we did get a happy ending where Joey finally returns to Chandler, those too should not be separated for long!
/////Season 2A Episode 19 Even accommodating gentleman Chandler loses it when he finds out Eddie has been sneaking in his bedroom to watch him sleep. When the girls read a pseudo-poetical hardcore feminist bestseller, it quickly stirs trouble between Rachel and Ross and amongst the three girls. Now Joey has lost his job, his two-envelope Visa-bill leaves him no other choice then to audition for a measly part beneath a former soap star's dignity and standing by as unpaid stuff is carried off, except a porcelain dog which Ross ransoms after regretting having told Joey to do anything for material security, as he would. Since Eddie simply forgets his move marching orders, Chandler first spends a night at Monica's but then finds the perfect way to solve both his and Joey's problem.
/////Season 2A Episode 19 I like the bit where there is an awkward and potentially funny situation.
/////Season 2A Episode 20 Plot In A Paragraph: Phoebe's view on the world is shattered when she learns how Old Yeller really ends. It only gets worse when she rents Pride Of The Yankies, Rocky and ET. Monica becomes concerned when Richard starts hanging out with Chandler and Joey, and they are so impressed with him they start modelling themselves on him. Rachel panics when she learns Ross's plans for their future.

Once again Matthew Perry and Matt Le Blanc knock it out of the park, this time with the help of the brilliant Tom Selleck. Their scenes are a highlight of the full season. The Phoebe storyline is fun, unlike the Ross and Rachel storyline. In an annoying inconsistency, in the episode titled 'The List' Ross lists what he loves about Rachel and he list "How great you are with Ben". This episode reveals she has never even held him before.
/////Season 2A Episode 20 Phoebe stays shocked to know that many movies that she watched had sad endings,since she never watched a movie until the end. (Her mother wanted to protect her from the pain of the world, only showing her beautiful things!)

Joey and Chandler invite Richard to watch a Knicks'game with them, and Richard becomes their new idol.

Ross is upset that he always misses Ben's first things, so he asks Carol to stay more time with his son. Rachel freaks out when she hears that Ross has their entire future planned in his head, and she tells him that she likes to not know what is going to happen in her life.
/////Season 2A Episode 20 Ross is upset that he misses so many of Ben's first things. Phoebe finds out that her mum never showed her the ends of sad movies to shield her from the pain. Joey and Chandler take Richard to a game because it means a lot to Monica. They really like him so Chandler gets a mustache and Joey starts smoking cigars. Ben spends a whole weekend with Ross. Rachel isn't very good with babies and freaks out when she hears that Ross pictures their future with 2 children living in the suburbs. Richard spends more time with the guys than with Monica. But Joey and Chandler really hurt Richard when they tell him he is like a cool dad. Rachel is the only one who hears Ben speak his first word
/////Season 2A Episode 20 This episode is not bad, but it really doesn't stand out much and most of what happens in it wasn't too exciting.

I think the best part is the part where Chandler and Joey start spending time with Richard and like him a lot so that they even copy his behaviour but see him as too old and his admiration towards him is more like that of kids to a grown up. It is a bit weird to happen to men their age, because people in their late 20's already have no problem to make friendships with people Richard's age, but it did cause a few laughs Phoebe's story about not knowing how some movies was fun in the beginning but got old pretty fast.

And Ross planning out Rachel's future with him was not really the fun story, but it a contribution to show how both of them are growing closer together
/////Season 2A Episode 20 I like the bit where the dog dies. They usually do.
/////Season 2A Episode 20 I didn't really think much of the other two story lines, though the Pheobe one was OK, but the story involving Joey and Chandler was great.

Matt Le Blanc and Matthew Perry play off of each other so brilliantly, it's like watching Laurel and Hardy on the small screen. They find laughs in lines that aren't actually that funny and it's a joy to watch.

Having wanted them to get together Ross and Rachel have become a little boring, and their storyline in this reflects this.

Great from Perry/Le Blanc, average elsewhere.
/////Season 2A Episode 21 Another brilliant episode with Matthew Perry taking centre stage.

Plot In A Paragraph: Chandler and Ross encounter some bullies who tell them to stay away from Central Perk, if they don't want to be beat up. Meanwhile Phoebe decides to go and see her father again, this time with Joey and Rachel for support, however they don't count on getting trapped in her Taxi by a vicious dog. And Monica gambles the last of her money on the stock market when she sees a company with her initials.

The Chandler and Ross Part was funny and the Phoebe Vs The Dog had laugh out loud moments too. Matthew Perry has really hit his stride in the back end of this second season. Actually the show has hit it's stride with several excellent episodes coming after each other.
/////Season 2A Episode 21 I like the episode where Joey did lunges in chandlers underwear. This wasn't it though.
/////Season 2A Episode 21 Monica still is unemployed, and since he loses all her money on the stock market,she has to take a job in a 50's restaurant,where she needs to use a costume, fake boobs and to dance.

Phoebe thinks that she sees signs all the time to go visit her dad. When she finally have the courage, she discovers that he left his current wife and son 4 years ago. She meets her half-brother Frank Jr, and they talk a little about their father's habits.

Ross and Chandler get trouble with two bullies in Central Perk, who started to molest them after they sit on the sofa of the Central Perk. They try to avoid Central Perk for some time and to drink coffee in their home, but since it is not the same thing, they try to deal with the bullies.
/////Season 2A Episode 21 Monica is so annoying in this episode. I know the writers wanted to show Courtney Cox off as being more than just being a pretty young woman, but her story line here was dull.

So much more fun was to be had with the story involving Ross and Chandler. Matthew Perry was hilarious. He's such a gifted comedic actor, and here just shine.

The 'Phoebe finds her family' storyline has gone on throughout a few episodes, and this story line wasn't that funny in this episode, save for a few nice remarks from Matt Le Blanc.

A decent enough episode, without being spectacular.
/////Season 2A Episode 21 This is again one of the bit slower episodes.

The story with the bullies is not really funny until the very end where they start the fight but have limited areas to hit each other since they have some adult reasons why they can't have bruises on their faces or be kicked in the crotch. It is also funny how nothing happens since they have to get together to catch the thieves who took their things while they were getting ready In Phoebe's story it was funny how she ends up running over her father's family's dog. And while she still doesn't meet her father she gets to know her little brother Frank Jr.

I also liked the ending of Monica working in a diner and dressing up in a ridiculous costume to dance with the rest of the staff of the counter
/////Season 2A Episode 22 This is my favorite Friends' episode. It's basically about Rachel having a surprise party, her parents showing up, but they have to face a big problem: they can't see each other, otherwise, they'll fight. So the friends have to organize two parties in apartments in front of each other, so they have to do hilarious things to keep the Green parents away. The cast here shows that they interact very well, the writers made a good job in spreading good jokes to all the characters. Specially to Phoebe, she has a very funny scene where she sees Mr. Green in the wrong apartment and tries to "gently" kick him out of the party. Classic episode!
/////Season 2A Episode 22 In this episode we have all the friends throwing a surprise birthday party for Rachel. Because both her parents who can't be civil with each other since separation come they have two parties in both apartments.

One of the best things is to watch Ross dealing with both of the parents. How he gets a drink for Dr. Green, his glasses and cigarettes and Mrs. Green catches him with all of it thinking that Rachel got a boyfriend who is exactly like her father

And it is also very amusing to watch Phoebe helping guests to escape Monica's boring party and get to the real party that Chandler and Joey were having.
/////Season 2A Episode 22 The episode starts with Monica and the gang planning Rachel's Birthday party with all the committees and procedures as usual.But the twist is when Rachel's divorced parents arrive at the scene,thus creating an awkward situation.How the guys deal with the chaos forms the rest of the plot. Its a vibrant,energetic episode with a lot of chaos with 2 parties simultaneously happening.Ross does make an impression on Rach s parents !! Gotta love this
/////Season 2A Episode 22 Monica decides to give Rachel a surprise party in her birthday. The problem is that Rachel parents just got divorced and they just can't handle each other, so the only option is to split the party in two different apartments, as two parties. One party will be in Joey's and Chandler's apartment, and the other in Monica's and Rachel's.

The funnier thing is to see how the guests enjoy much more Chandler's and Joey's party then Monica's, and also Phoebe helping them to go to the boys' great party.

For Rachel's disappointment, Monica also decides to do a flan instead of a birthday cake.
/////Season 2A Episode 22 Planning Rachel's surprise birthday party. To prevent Rachel's parents to be at the same party they have half of the guests in the boys' apartment with Rachel's dad and the other half in the girls' apartment with Rachel's mum. Phoebe smuggles people from Monica's boring party to the boys' great party. Rachel can't cope with their parents separation.
/////Season 2A Episode 22 I like how Monica made sure the lids on the pens were put on properly.
/////Season 2A Episode 22 'Friends' when it wanted to did a nice line in farce based episodes, but this is the main example.

Full of funny twists and turns that use all the main cast this is an enjoyable episode, right up there with the shows best of all time.

What I like also is the way that despite all the farce the show is also able to have a real moment at the end between Matthew Perry and Jennifer Aniston. It's the way that the show finds that balance that elevates it beyond the normal sitcom plot.

'Frasier' is the show of this era most known for farce, but this 'Friends' episode shows that it too could be farcical.
/////Season 2A Episode 22 A change in pace as this is more of a serious episode than a funny one, it has it's moments, but that's it.

Plot In A Paragraph: Chaos ensues when both of Rachel's recently divorced parents show up at her surprise birthday party.

There is some fun to be had in this episode, but mostly it looks at the effects the divorce is having on Rachel, and how she sees her future life going with having to keep them both in separate rooms to avoid arguments.

There is also some fun to be had in the difference between the two parties going on at the same time. The boys place is lively and a lot of fun with music and dancing, where as the one at Monica's has games and "controlled fun".
/////Season 2A Episode 22 I can't believe people have given this a high rating, so I'm moved to comment. Nothing of interest happens, and the whole thing is about embarrassing moments created by the ludicrous premise. It's just about keeping the two divorced (divorcing?) parents separated at two different parties. Only about 2 jokes are funny, and a handful of moments are interesting. It also shows what, for me, was the least best aspect of the series - the older generation is stupid and immature, and our parents make such poor role models, so hey! - you can do whatever you like, because there is no guidance from the past. Almost all the jokes about the 6 friends' parents are about their bad parenting (ross and monica's), their lack of morals (joey's), or the mess they have made of everything (phoebe's). This shows it in an unpleasant and bitter way, and it really grates.
/////Season 2A Episode 23 Phoebe wants to go out with Ryan (Charlie Sheen), a guy in the navy that she used to go out and that will be in New York to stay many days. To make things complicated for Phoebe, Ben, Ross' kid, has chicken pox, and everybody except Phoebe already had it. Ryan also didn't have chicken pox, so he catches from Phoebe and they both stay sick for the whole time that Ryan stays in the city.

Joey gets a new job with Chandler as a processor. He uses his skills as an actor to pretend to be a processor, but he goes a little too far with his imagination.

Richard and Monica talk about Monica's strange habits in doing things, and she stays a little sad that Richard doesn't share the same obsessive habits that she usually does.
/////Season 2A Episode 23 The brilliant Charlie Sheen guest stars in an almost faultless episode.

Plot In A Paragraph: Phoebe catches chicken pox just as an old flame (Sheen) arrives in town on two weeks leave from the Navy. Chandler quickly regrets getting Joey a job as a processor in his office. Monica finds herself freaking out that Richard doesn't have any quirks.

Charlie Sheen is brilliant here and a lot of fun, it's a pity he never returned as they said he resurfaced every three years so the potential was there, but by this point he was on "Two And A Half Men" and probably not available or was too expensive.

The Joey and Chandler scenes were some of the best of the season. I'm really loving the Chandler character played to perfection by Matthew Perry this second season. He has been my favourite since the show started.
/////Season 2A Episode 23 I adore Friends and still watch them often.

To the person who said, "Why doesn't Pheobe go to her own apartment to have dinner with Ryan (Charlie Sheen). This has always annoyed."

Obviously, that person didn't actually pay attention. Phoebe tells Ryan that they can't go to her apartment because her Grandma never had chicken pox. Phoebe lives with her Grandma.

And, Phoebe didn't "go out with Ryan". She said that he emerges once in awhile, and they have an amazing 2-3 days together. But this time, they get 2 whole weeks.
/////Season 2A Episode 23 I didn't really like Phoebe's chickenpox story,there wasn't much to it to be the main episode story. I also didn't like Charlie Sheen's acting. I think he is a great actor but if I would have reviewed this episode before Two and a Half Men, I would have said that he should stay away from sitcoms and do movies. It did have a funny scene of them scratching each other in a very "erotic" way, but that was it

I much more liked how Chandler hired Joey as a processor and Joey created a character that Chandler hated for being an annoying brown noser. I liked Chandler's way to make Joey quit his job by sleeping with his imaginary wife, was a funny scene well done by both actors
/////Season 2A Episode 23 As the headline says, in this episode we have the most romantic disease Phoebe ever had. Monica and Richard are great together and so Joey and Chandler are.
/////Season 2A Episode 23 I like the bit where phoebe gets chicken pox. I think.
/////Season 2A Episode 23 Ryan, a guy in the navy who Phoebe used to go out with is coming to the city for 2 whole weeks. Ben has chicken pox and everybody except Phoebe has had them. So of course Phoebe has the chicken pox now but unfortunately Ryan hasn't had them but he wouldn't let the pox stand between them. Chandler organizes a job as a processor for Joey and Joey does a little too much acting like he was a processor. Ryan and Phoebe both have the chicken pox and the itching drives them crazy. Joey is really annoying at work and always ratting Chandler out. They agree that Joey will quit. Monica is upset that Richard doesn't have one thing he is obsessive about.
/////Season 2A Episode 24 Joey has to kiss a guy for an audition,since Warren Beatty, the director, told him he was a bad kisser. He tries to convince Chandler and Ross to help him, but they both deny the invitation.

Barry and Mindy are going to marry, and Rachel is invited to be the maid of honor. She needs to wear a horrible pink dress for the occasion, what makes her feel even more uncomfortable in the wedding. (Not to mention the terrible gossip that she ran away from Barry because she had syphilis!)

Monica and Richard have difficulties in imagining their future together. Richard, who is 20 years older then Monica, doesn't want to have kids, while having kids is an important issue to Monica.

Chandler starts to talk to a woman in the internet that he totally identifies with. In the end of the episode, we discover that the woman in question is Janice, and they kiss.
/////Season 2A Episode 24 Thats a funny episode its my favourite episode in friends s2
/////Season 2A Episode 24 In the "Friends" season two finale we have both love, heartbreak and thankfully a laugh or too.

Plot In A Paragraph: Rachel reluctantly agrees to be maid of honour at her ex-fiancé Barry's wedding to her former maid of honour Mindy. Meanwhile the wedding makes Monica ponder where her future with Richard is heading, Chandler meets the perfect woman online, and after being criticised as a "good actor, but bad kisser" by Warren Beatty, Joey tries to practice kissing guys to get a role in Beatty's new movie.

We get a nice surprise at the end of the episode when we find out who Chandlers perfect woman is, but its tinged with sadness as Monica realises she may not get what she wants out of her relationship with Richard.
/////Season 2A Episode 24 Joey has a problem: he has to kiss a guy for an audition and Warren Beatty told him he was a bad kisser. Joey wants to practice kissing a guy with Chandler. Rachel is maid of honor for Barry and Mindy's wedding. She has to wear a horrible pink dress. Monica thinks about getting married to Richard. Richard tells her he sees a future with Monica but not with kids. Chandler has a relationship over the Internet. Turns out the girl is married. Ross, Rachel, Richard and Monica go to the wedding. Rachel feels uncomfortable because Barry's parents told everyone she ran away from Barry because she was crazy after having had syphilis. Ross saves Rachel by making a speech about her courage to show up at the wedding. Richard tells Monica he'll have a child with her if he has to in order not to lose her. Monica doesn't want a child with someone who doesn't really want to have one. Chandler's meets his cyber space friend who turns out to be Janice and they kiss.
/////Season 2A Episode 24 Rachel has to face her fears and meet all the people from her past at Barry and Mindy's wedding. This is especially hard because she has a hideous bridesmaid dress. I loved the scene where Ross tells everyone to tell her she looks good and Phoebe does it through her laughter. Very well done by Lisa Kudrow

The best part was Joey trying to get a guy to kiss him because Waren Beatty told him that he is a bad kisser after his guy kissing scene. It is absolutely funny how he tries to convince his friends to kiss him. And also how at the end Ross actually give him as kiss to show what a good friend he is

Richard and Monica separate. And I could never feel bad for her, because it was her own fault. She chose non existing children over someone she "loves" and even when he was willing to compromise, she didn't accept.

And we get a nice surprise at the end when Chandler meets this perfect woman he was chatting with online.
/////Season 2A Episode 24 I like how she sings Copa cabana in that silly pink dress.
/////Season 2A Episode 24 Before 'Friends' became more of a soap opera and had big splashy finale's where the odds were changed, it did nice simple episodes like this.

It's not a classic, but more of a winding down of plots from across the series. Monica and Richard/ Rachel and Barry - it's a nice way to round off what had been a hit and miss second year.

I found the story lines involving the characters of Joey and Chandler, which were good fun.

It's been a fun series two, this was a good example of that.
/////Season 3A Episode 1A The guy who got real mad about this episode in the review made my laugh so much. Imagine being that butthurt over a harmless joke in a fictional show from over 20 years ago! This episode is a great start to series 3. It has laughs and also a sweet moment with Elliot Gould towards the end. Don't take a comedy seriously lol
/////Season 3A Episode 1A The third series of 'Friends' kicked off with this good episode.

I loved the fact that Janice has gotten in-between the Joey/Chandler dynamic, with Matt Le Blanc finding more and more layers to his character. It's always nice to see Maggie Wheeler as Janice too.

The Monica getting over Richard plot wasn't that exciting, save for a sweet scene between Cox and guest star Elliot Gould at the end. Lisa Kudrow is sadly underused.

The whole 'gold bikini' story line was good as it involved many of the characters, and Matthew Perry's overshare to Ross about his own fantasies was hilarious.

A good start to the third series.
/////Season 3A Episode 1A This episode is great for Star Wars fans and Jennifer Aniston fans

Plot In A Paragraph: In an attempt to spice up their love life, Rachel asks Ross about his fantasies. He reveals a particular Star Wars one involving Princess Leia in a gold bikini, which leads to him being ridiculed by the girls when Rachel fails to keep it to herself. Meanwhile Joey is annoyed that Chandler is refusing to break up with the annoying Janice (Maggie Wheeler) and Monica is heartbroken following her split with Richard at the end of season two.

A great start back to the season, The Monica parts drag a bit, but there is a lot of fun to be had seeing Jennifer Aniston dressed as Princess Leia in THAT gold bikini and the Joey struggling with Janice storyline.
/////Season 3A Episode 1A Monica is depressed because of the end of her relationship with Richard.

Chandler starts to go out with Janice(who is going to divorce) again, for Joey's despair. Joey really can't handle Janice, and since this time Chandler doesn't want to broke with her, he tries to become her friend. (Without success!)

Rachel wants to spice up things with Ross, and asks him about his sexual fantasies. He tells her that is princess Leia's gold bikini in Star Wars. The problem for him is that Rachel shares his fantasy with her friends, so his fantasy is not a secret anymore.

Feeling encouraged by Rachel to share intimate things with his friends, Ross and Chandler start to talk about their confidences, until Chandler scares Ross with a bizarre fantasy with his mother.
/////Season 3A Episode 1A I really like this episode. It's really funny. The only thing I don't like about it, was the fact that Ross and Rachel are dating. I'm biased. I know that.

In this episode, Monica is suffering from insomnia following her break up with Richard. She is just devastated, and finds any way to think about him. Even his hair in the drain makes her sad. Meanwhile, Ross tells Rachel about one of his sexy fantasies. The one I'm sure most guys have. The Princess Leia fantasy. Rachel tells Phoebe about his fantasy, and Ross gets very mad at Rachel for it. Jeez, Ross. Girls talk about everything, don't get your panties in a knot. At the end of the episode, to make up for telling Phoebe about the fantasy, Rachel puts on the gold bikini and puts her hair in those weird buns, and completes his dream.

Overall, I give this episode a 7 out of 10.
/////Season 3A Episode 1A I like how Ross' fantasy didn't quite turn out the way he planned.
/////Season 3A Episode 1A Monica is a wandering zombie after dumping Richard for not sharing her child-wish. Ross confides in Rachel his sexual fantasy is princess Leia's gold bikini in Star Wars, but doesn't appreciate her telling it to blabbermouth Phoebe; when Rachel assures him boys miss out on true bonding because they don't tell each-other intimate details, he tries it with Chandler who brings up a very unfit confidence. As Joey really can't handle the prospect of Chandler not dumping Janice as usual, the two try spending whole 'day of fun' together for their common friend Chandler's sake.
/////Season 3A Episode 1A Its not the best first episode of a season but it has some funny moments. We see how Monica deals with a breakup, how sweet Joey is for trying to like Janice, different views on intimacy between man and woman and many other stuff.
/////Season 3A Episode 1A This episode does kind of bore me. And none of the story lines is funny enough or interesting to me

Yeah, the best of this episode is of course the Princess Leia fantasy. I do like how the guys decide to start sharing sexual stories with each other like girls do. And then Chandler confesses that he thinks of his mom during sex. Turns out that so does Joey (thinks of Chandler's mom) and it ruins Ross's life since next time he has sex, his mom pops up in his head. But other than those few scenes there is not much done with it.

And I seriously didn't care for Monica. It was her fault, plus Cortney Cox didn't play it too well.

Even Jeoy and Janice story didn't make it for me.
/////Season 3A Episode 1A I hate this particular episode because it has crossed all levels of Vulgarity... Chandler tells Ross that he imagines his mother while having sex... i mean how can anyone say that... this is absurd... u have just crossed all levels... the writer do not care about the purest relationship of a mother and a son... this is absurd and bullshit... i hate chandler bing because of this one line only... it can ruin someone's life... hate friends because of this episode only... else it was good... The Writer and director of the show must apologise to the public for showing such thing on TV... i mean just imagine how can u say that a son imagine her mother during sex... they should be punished for showing this vulgarity and this cheapness on television
/////Season 3A Episode 2A This is an original episode, different from the rest of friends because it is done about 20 minutes, just like the episode time. This has been done by Seinfeld before and worked very well in Friends

I really like Joey and Chandler's fight over the chair. Two of them have a great chemistry and it is shining in this episode

I also liked the story of Monica and Richard's message machine. *I had the most fun watching it and everything that was happening.

But I absolutely hated the ending. Why was Ross apologizing to Rachel? SZure, I understand why Rachel and Monica were insensitive to Ross and getting ready fast, because there would be no fun episode without it. But in the end it should have been Rachel who apologized for being nasty and selfish, not the other way around. And Ross should have never said to the rest that he doesn't care of they come, he cares only about Rachel coming. What kind of a friend is that. I am surprised they just let it go and still went to the event
/////Season 3A Episode 2A OK, I absolutely love Friends. I watch all the reruns every single day. But this episode makes me crazy!! Ross is getting a really important award but no one seems to care!! They all take their sweet ass time getting ready, argue about stupid things and completely ignore his pleas to get ready in a timely fashion. And then when he finally does snap, Rachel acts like a baby a decides not to go at all! How selfish and spoiled can you be?!?! Every time this episode comes on, I have to change the channel when Rachel has her little childish meltdown because I really want to strangle her. And poor Ross.....has to apologize TO HER?? His friends and his GIRLFRIEND really should be more considerate and supportive of Ross and just get their butts ready and in a damn cab! Other than all of that though, the writing was brilliant. The writers wrote an amazing script, in real time, on one set, with just the main characters. That is not easy to accomplish and the chemistry between all of the actors is so obvious. So if I had to rate the writing/acting of this episode, I'd give it a 10. But if I had to rate it based on the how I felt while watching, I'd give it a 1! So I'm going with a 5!
/////Season 3A Episode 2A This is one of the very few episodes where I feel it deserves full points. Plot - Other reviewers have written it. Strength - The entire episode is done in one room. The blocking and character timing are the major strength. It was indeed a risky episode, and the writers certainly knew this, for they made a brilliant script, and the actors acknowledged it. The chemistry between characters were shining, and most importantly, none of the friends are overshadowed by others. Everyone are at the top. Weakness - Rachael and Ross. This is the only chemistry in this episode which I felt did not work out. But it's just my opinion.
/////Season 3A Episode 2A I've always been a fan of friends but this episode really pisses me off. Ross is getting a big and important reward here and he is obviously very nervous and doesn't want to be late. But the rest is not taking it seriously. Especially Rachel, as his girlfriend, she should know the importance of this event to Ross and get dressed quickly. Instead, she is taking her own sweet time and being very inconsiderate. That is just Rachel's spoiling acting up all over again. Ross has every right to yell at her. And then she just gets upset and doesn't want to go anymore. What a horrible girlfriend. And what's up with Joey and the chair? He's always been a good and cool lad but why does he have to act like that? Just because of the oil thing? He even screws up Pheebe's dress. And he also should know the importance of this event to Ross. I would not comment on Monica here cos that relationship thing is already bad enough. I know this is just one episode and it's just a TV show. But I really cannot watch this one cos I hate inconsiderate people.
/////Season 3A Episode 2A For me this episode has to be the best episode of a siitcom,i have watched too many times,it is brilliant
/////Season 3A Episode 2A This might be one of the best episodes ever. No special storyline, but that's not what it's about. It's about a episode in real-time with a timing that is on point from every character. The only - but nearly impossible - improvement could be, if it would be made in one single take.
/////Season 3A Episode 2A This episode is the episode we see all the bad and nothing good in every character except Ross. Watched every episode 3 times, now I am doing a rewatch for the 4th time, and I decided to skip this after realising that this is the episode which I hate the most.
/////Season 3A Episode 2A I love this episode. It is one of my all-time favorite episodes of Friends. Not just Season 3, but from all the seasons. It's an interesting episode because the only characters in it, are the main cast. Phoebe, Joey, Monica, Chandler, Rachel and Ross. It also only has one set. Rachel and Monica's apartment.

In this episode, we focus on the six main characters. Ross is being honored for an award and is hurrying everyone to get ready, so they can go. Everyone is taking so long to get ready. Rachel can't work out what to wear. Joey, childishly steals Chandler's comfy chair, whilst Chandler went to the bathroom. Joey eventually gets up but takes the cushions with him. Which, as we all know, are the essence of the chair. Chandler gets him back by wearing his underwear. He put them on when he went to get dressed. When Joey gets dressed, he wears all of Chandler's clothes. Every single item. Shots on top of pants, T- shirts on top of long sleeves. Etc. And worst thing is, he's not wearing any underwear. Ew. Phoebe gets dressed by gets a humus stain on her dress so Rachel helps her try to cover it up. Which takes more time. Monica freaks out when she hears a message on Richard's answering machine. She leaves him a message and then listens to it, and it sounds horrible, but instead of deleting just her message, she sets it to his answering machine message. The one you hear that should go, "Hi it's ... leave a message after the beep". That was funny. And when it starts raining, that sets Ross off. Ross freaks out on everyone, especially Rachel. She then refuses to go.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10.
/////Season 3A Episode 2A Well maybe you can say "this one is entertaining" but you can't deny the fact that this episode was majorly toxic. They didn't respect Ross at all. It was his very important and special day and still they couldn't get over themselves to get ready on time.

When Ross shouted at Rachel he did humiliate her. I agree he took it too far but still, he had right to be angry.
/////Season 3A Episode 2A Sure, while this episode doesn't have every character at their best, its a perfect demonstration of how much of a terrible person each character is. One thing I noticed about Friends is that their fanbase is incredibly immature and full with wet horny 12 year old girls, who get pissed at things like making the characters look like a*sholes when they were one from the start of the show. The same type of people who get pissed at "The One with Phoebe's Birthday Dinner" because the characters are represented as "bad" people to Phoebe when they don't understand the whole point in the episode. This episode is well written, hilarious, clever and brilliant, original, and contains one of the best Joey moments in the entire series. It's not the best episode (though definitely top 5 IMO), but its not the worst episode that people make it out to be. It hurts realizing that some Friends fans are the same people who also watched Seinfeld. Are you oblivious to the fact that they are terrible people too?
/////Season 3A Episode 2A This episode and the one with the embryos is two of the best episodes in the whole series I have an old dvd of random episodes and watched it a lot growing up and those 2 episodes were on it so maybe that's why they are my fav but when an episode consists of just the 6 of them it's always comedy gold.
/////Season 3A Episode 2A Ross is eager to have everyone ready well in time for his 8 PM speech at the museum's benefit, but they all have other priorities then getting dressed. Joey childishly steals Chandler's armchair while he used the bathroom, and obstinately keeps sitting in it, in the process getting a stain on Phoebe's dress; when finally chased, Joey takes the pillows with him, Chandler retorts by stealing all Joey's underwear, Joey takes sordid vestimentary revenge. Monica freaks when she hears an answering machine message from Richard, even although it's probably ancient, and keeps making it worse abusing his code, worst of all is Rachel, who takes forever to pick an outfit till Ross insists she should hurry up, never mind what she wears, then she refuses to go altogether, until Joey's flippant suggestion is taken seriously.
/////Season 3A Episode 2A A great episode that only features the six man characters and one set, the girls apartment set in real time.

Plot In A Paragraph: Ross is being honoured at a fancy awards ceremony and he stresses out as people don't seem to be as keen to get their on time. Rachel struggles to find something to wear, Joey and Chandler argue over a seat and Monica freaks out when she hears a message off Richard and does not know if its old or new.

David Schwimmers character comes off as really annoying here, I know he is stressed but the way he shouts at Rachel is ridiculous as him saying he does not care if any of his other friends go.

FYI Aniston looked great in EVERY outfit she tried on
/////Season 3A Episode 2A I just have to comment this: I find this episode extremely overrated if we look at the 9,0 grade. Episode is very boring, nothing happens and on top of all, it's very annoying. This is the first time I really can't understand the base of the grade here. I have watched this multiple times (like every episode of this series) but I never get this.
/////Season 3A Episode 2A Ross becomes very annoyed with his friends, because no one is ready on time to go out with him. He is going to give a speech at the museum he works, but the problem is that Chandler and Joey fight for staying in the same seat in Monica's house, Rachel just cannot decide about which clothes she is going to wear and Monica stays listening to her answering machine.

Phoebe, the only one who is ready, gets her beautiful yellow dressed dirty by mistake to make everything even worst.

When Ross publicly complains on Rachel's delay to dress, she decides not to go anymore.

Monica deletes Richard's main message on his answering mistake by mistake when she is replying one of his messages to her.
/////Season 3A Episode 2A This is one of the best episodes of the show full stop. It's premise is so simple and yet it allows us to have some brilliant moments of interplay between the six characters.

My favourite story line is the one featuring Joey and Chandler and the race for a chair, ending with the iconic image of Joey wearing all of Chandler's clothes.

The story involving Monica and the answering machine hacking may seem a bit dated now, but it's at least giving Courtney Cox something with a bit of depth to play.

A very good episode of the show overall.
/////Season 3A Episode 2A I like the bit where no one was ready to go out and Ross was angry.
/////Season 3A Episode 2A What a wonderful episode, It's best episode so far!! It's so funny
/////Season 3A Episode 2A Its definitly in my top ten of all time, its so simole yet so funny. Phoebe is the only friend who got ready for a museum award ceremony which is a big thing for Ross. The rest of the cast are delaying getting dressed which isnt annoying only Ross. I get it why someone can hate this masterpiece, but c'mon, get over it, its just a show and they arrived on time anyway. We see that Monica isnt over Richard, we have one of the best and maybe most famous Joey moment, my favourite Rachel outfit at the end of the episode and so more.
/////Season 3A Episode 2A This Episode was the first glimpse of what Ross would become-one of the most annoying characters in Tv history. Basically Ross is worried about everybody else not being ready to go to his big business dinner despite all of their other concerns and issues. In the process he shows way too little empathy and way too much selfishness. This episode is funny and there are some good moments because the show is still at its height but this was not a good showing for Ross because they started to show a glimpse of just how annoying he would become.
/////Season 3A Episode 3A Monica still is depressed because of the end of her relationship with Richard.Because of that, in this episode she decides to do a lot of Jam to occupy her mind and think about other stuff. Some days later, her idea is to go to a sperm bank to see the potential donors. ( And the friends see that Joey is also a donor!)

A stalker stays following Phoebe, thinking that she is Ursula. After she tells him her identity, she decides to help him to forget Ursula by stalking and going out with her.

Joey stays the entire episode eating Monica's Jam.

Chandler takes some tips with Ross about how to do the ''hug and role trick'' with Janice,since he is not a ''cuddle sleeper'' and wants to have his own space in bed.When Rachel discovers that Ross does that trick, she stays angry with him.
/////Season 3A Episode 3A I like all the jam. Not as good as the ham on the peep show where Jeremy nailed Sophie's mum.
/////Season 3A Episode 3A Monica tries to get over Richard by using her free time to make jam and considers artificial insemination through a sperm bank. Phoebe is stalked by a man who mistakes her for Ursula.
/////Season 3A Episode 3A I love this episode. It's one of my all-time favorite Season 3 episodes and even one of my all-time favorite overall episodes. It's just so funny. I just love it.

In this episode, still a bit sad about breaking up with Richard, Monica has taken it upon herself to take control of her life. How, you ask. By making jam. That's right. She's making jam and Joey is loving it. So much so, that during the episode Chandler asks him, if he'd rather have a naked girl or a big tub of jam. What was Joey's response? Put them together. Monica eventually stops making jam because she's losing money out of it and decides that she wants to have a baby. She goes through a list of potential sperm donors and finally decides one, but not after seeing Joey's profile. In the end, Joey convinces her not to go through it, because she needs to have the whole package. Someone she loves as well as children.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10.
/////Season 3A Episode 3A Not the perfect episode of Friends, but a solid one for sure. Monica is still having a hard time getting over Richard and she decides to make jam and get pregnant. We had cute Joey and Monica moment, funny relationship problems and a laugh here and there. Fun fact - actor Matt LeBlanc hurt his hand while filming the previous episode The one where no one's ready so the injury is real.
/////Season 3A Episode 3A Only one part of this episode was funny for me and that was the Chandler storyline. Such a drop in quality after the first two episodes were great.

Plot In A Paragraph: Much to an injured Joeys delight, a depressed Monica starts making tons of jam to take control of her life and to get over Richard. After a while Monica abandons the jam plan, and decides to have a baby instead. Leaving Ross threatening to tell their parents. Meanwhile Phoebe is dating a guy (David Arquette) who used to be obsessed with her sister and now has a restraining order to keep away from Ursula and Chandler seeks advice from Ross on how to get some space in the bed on a night, so Ross tells him about his "hug and roll" technique.
/////Season 3A Episode 3A I liked the fact that the writers were trying to add layers of depth to the Monica character at this point. We really feel for her as she tries to get on with her life post Richard, as well as her yearning for kids. There was a sweet moment between her and Joey too, which was lovely.

In terms of comedy value the Chandler story line was the one that provided the most laughs, with Matthew Perry on top form. I didn't find the Phoebe story line that interesting, but that's the way with 'Friends' sometimes - two of the stories are good and one isn't.

I like the fact that this episode was able to balance comedy and drama so well.
/////Season 3A Episode 4A Chandler is my favorite character in FRIENDS but he can be a bit annoying and childish sometimes. First he tells Joey he's happy with Janice next he acts all weird and neurotic and afraid of commitment. But Matthew Perry gave a great performance as neurotic Chandler. Phoebe was funny acting as Joey's agent; I wish she kept on being so. The Barbie doll sub plot was exasperating. Ben is still a toddler hence a toy is any toy to him, even if it's a Barbie doll. Ross has no business making Ben switch from Barbie to G.I Joe- I think he read too much in the little boy's preference; implying it was because he was being raised by a lesbian couple. Speaking of which, I'm not against same sex couples but since her introduction in Season 1, I hate Susan. At least in Season 1 episode THE ONE WITH THE CANDY HEARTS, the kiss Ross exchanged with Carol showed Carol still loved Ross (albeit in a different way), was sorry he was sad and alone on Valentine's day and assured him he will find someone eventually. Susan is Ms 'I slept with your wife and she's mine now, deal with it'. If she were a man, I would still not like her because basically she's a home-wrecker and I don't like how she treats Ross. Monica exposing Ross as a hypocrite by revealing his childhood fondness of dressing in ladies' clothes was hilarious.
/////Season 3A Episode 4A Phoebe tries to help Joey in getting an audition that she forgot to tell him about. After she had success in pretending to be his agent (and Joey got the job) he asks Phoebe to help him with the other auditions. (Phoebe is much more talented then Estelle!)

Ross starts to get worried when he sees Ben playing with a girl's doll. He tries to substitute the Barbie for other boy's toys. Monica reveals in public that Ross dressed like a woman when he was a child, and Carol & Susan has one of the best times of their life at that moment.

Chandler is afraid to have a serious commitment with Janice, but the Friends give him support to go ahead with her.
/////Season 3A Episode 4A Matthew Perry is great in this episode, earning the amount of huge laughs he gets. What a wonderful comic creation the character of Chandler Bing really was, and Perry brings so much in turn to it.

I really enjoyed the story line involving Joey and Phoebe too. Lisa Kudrow was on fine form, and it's nice to see an episode where Joey and Phoebe are teamed up.

The only let down, as has often been the case since they got together, was the Ross and Rachel story line. So what that Ben wants to play with dolls?! Big deal.

Other than that a good episode.
/////Season 3A Episode 4A I love this episode. I think it's so funny and I enjoy so much. I have watched it many, many times and every time, I laugh exactly the way I did, the first time I watched it.

In this episode, Chandler makes a mistake with his girlfriend, Janice. He doesn't want to see her, because he's afraid of the commitment he knows she wants. So then he does the opposite of what he should do. Instead of saying to her that he likes where things are and he's not ready to move any faster, he practically stalks her, says that he's ready and then pushes her too far. She says she'll call him, but will she? Meanwhile, Phoebe forgot to give Joey an important message about his audition. She calls who ever called her in the first place and tries to convince her to give Joey another audition. She is successful, posing as Joey's agent. But then Joey keeps asking for her help and she gives him bad feedback, things the people actually said, because his last agent sugar coated everything. In the end, she didn't want to do the job anymore, so she read a list of things that's wrong, and he thought she was just trying to get out of it. Which in fact she was, but they were real things. Sorry if that's complicated.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10.
/////Season 3A Episode 4A While still funny. This episode has to overcome some of the things that I find most annoying in a Friends episode. First, the primary storyline, Chandler's ill guided efforts to confess his feelings to Janice, is run through with the whole "see, that's what a guy would do" and "a woman would never do such and such". I find the times Friends go for these jokes a bit annoying.

Secondly, the episodes' other story, Ross' worry about Ben's playing with dolls, has to get over the groan inducing presence of Susan and Carol. God bless this show for having a committed lesbian couple but I just don't find the interactions between and Ross and them to be very funny. Fortunately, they're gone fairly quickly and the rest of the storyline is funny. The end credits, with a young Ross and Monica are well done.
/////Season 3A Episode 4A Janice and Chandler storyline...eh. More annoying than anything. And what Rachel and Monica do...fine. Just not funny.

Hey...not everything can be a homerun.

Ross and Ben's doll...fine. Again...nothing really funny or memorable. Instantly forgettable plot.

Sometimes I like Carol and Susan...other times I'm just not in the mood for them. When they showed up I was like...ughh. An episode with them. Not a lot of screen time.

The only funny thing was Phoebe and Joey, and Phoebe was my least favorite friend for a long time.
/////Season 3A Episode 4A These type of story lines are the worst ones "Friends" do as Monica and Rachel attempt to talk Chandler through his issues with Janice, saying cliché things like "If a woman did, what you did, a guy would be sleeping with someone else by now!!" Plot In A Paragraph: Chandler struggles to show his commitment to Janice and he ends up scaring her off when he goes to far. Meanwhile Ross is upset that Ben is playing with a Barbie doll and Joey asks Phoebe for some help with getting an audition when he fails to get a message in time.

Normally a storyline with Matthew Perry taking centre stage, but this episode misses the mark.
/////Season 3A Episode 4A I like the bit about the metaphorical tunnel. Whatever that means.
/////Season 3A Episode 4A Chandler tries to get over his fear of commitment. Phoebe poses as Joey's agent after she forgets to tell him about an audition. Ross panics after seeing Ben play with a Barbie doll and tries to convince him to play with more manly toys.
/////Season 3A Episode 4A We get to see Chandler overcoming his fear of commitment and by this totally freak out Janice. I liked the scene of them meeting in the grocery store and Chandler trying to pretend like he is going to a party.

The story of Ross being all worried about Ben playing with a Barbie and trying to give him a GI Joe to play with is pretty good as well. Especially I like it at the end when Monica says that he used to wear women clothes as a kid and they remember the song that he used to sing then.

The story of Phoebe being Joey's agent is amusing as well
/////Season 3A Episode 4A Every storyline here is funny. I like Phoebe the most in this episode.
/////Season 3A Episode 5A Joey makes a new furniture for his house, but it is much bigger then expected,making difficult to enter in his and Chandler's room.

Phoebe and her half brother Frank, stay some days together to know each other a little better. Phoebe's original plan was to have some good time with Frank, but their meeting went to different ways, since Frank only knows to melt stuff. (The fact that he thought that Phoebe and the other masseurs were hookers, doesn't help very much either)

Ross and Chandler decide to do a list of the 5 celebrities they are allowed to sleep with. Ross even prints his list! When he tries to hit on Isabela Rosselini in the end of the episode, his printed list gives him trouble.
/////Season 3A Episode 5A In this episode we see Phoebe meeting her brother again. I really liked that part of the episode. Giovanni Ribisi is just perfect in the role of Frank Jr. And it is so much fun watching them becoming more like brother and sister. Starting with Phoebe not connecting with him at all and at the end being a step further.Plus the character is very funny, one can see that he is related to Phoebe.

Joey building the entertainment unit was a hilarious story as well. Especially in the scene where he almost gets Chandler with an electric drill or when he checks out Monica's tile

And then we also get the story of The List, which is a real classic of the show.
/////Season 3A Episode 5A A Much improved episode after a cliché ridden last one.

Plot In A Paragraph: Joey goes all DIY and decides to build an entertainment unit for his and Chandlers apartment. When Chandler reveals he and Janice have a list of five celebrities they are each allowed to sleep with should the chance arrive, Ross sets out to make the definitive list before laminating it, and then right on cue one of his picks walks in the room. Elsewhere Phoebe spends some time with her long lost brother Frank Jr.

The Phoebe storyline is the weak part here, I liked the lists and the DIY Joey parts though, as they were more in line with classic Friends.
/////Season 3A Episode 5A Of all the episodes, I like Monica the most in this episode. I mean she's funny, charming, cute, lovely, sophisticated and her expression when Phoebe sings the two lines "build the unit cinderellie, lay the tiles cinderellie", Monica's jaw dropping expression is priceless.
/////Season 3A Episode 5A I really love this episode. It's just so funny.

In this episode, Phoebe meets her half-brother Frank Jr. He's a pretty funny guy. He seems like he's always stoned or high or both. Wait, don't they mean the same thing? I'm getting off topic. Anyway, she meets him and they have a pretty funny first time meeting interaction. Meanwhile, everyone makes a list of which celebrities they'd sleep with. Chandler even goes with a cartoon character, but I'm not going to say which one. You'll have to watch it for yourself to figure that one out.

Overall, I give this episode a 9 out of 10.
/////Season 3A Episode 5A One of my favourite episodes of season 3. I love the dynamic between Joey and Chandler, Phoebe and Frank and Ross's story is also pretty fun.
/////Season 3A Episode 5A When Joey starts working with his tool belt, Chandler admires his sexy macho air, but fears for his life from the tools in a child's hand. Phoebe's weird brother Frank Jr. visits, and demonstrates his hobby is melting whatever you let him get his hands on. Learning she's a masseuse, Frank eagerly asks to get a treatment, from a colleague- who isn't amused he assumed that's a euphemism for sex. At Central Perk, several friends make individual lists of five super hot celebrities, which may even be dated without being considered infidelity by the real-life partner. Ross's included Isabella Rosselini, but at Chandler's suggestion she's "international", hence too unavailable, he dropped her from the laminated draft; then she walks in the bar for real.
/////Season 3A Episode 5A I like the bit about frank junior. As the title suggests.
/////Season 3A Episode 5A Why are people laughing even on some serious stuff. One of the wost episode of the show.
/////Season 3A Episode 5A I really enjoyed the fact that the writers gave Joey so much to do in this episode. Matt Le Blanc is a great comedic actor, and this episode showed that off.

His interplay with Matthew Perry as ever was great, and this dynamic really carried episodes where the other plots perhaps weren't as great.

The Phoebe and her brother story line was well intentioned and had some heart as well as humour, while the Ross and Rachel story line was standard sitcom fare.

A good episode overall.
/////Season 3A Episode 6A Thanks Mr. Heckles for making Joey, Chandler's new roommate.
/////Season 3A Episode 6A This is a pretty awesome episode. Janice asks if any of them almost had sex with each other and we get their memories of the situations and a look at the past of the Friends.

It is absolutely funny! When we see how Phoebe moved out from Monica but didn't tell it to her and the scene when Monica finds out is really good!

We also see how Chandler looks for a new roommate and turns out that Joey wasn't even his first choice! Great appearance of Mr. Heckles who as it looks is to thank for the two great roommates ending up together

And we also get to see Ross finding out that his wife is a lesbian. The scene of him and Phoebe on the pool table is just great. Not only it is a great dialogue, but it is also funny because Ross and Phoebe are probably the two I would never imagine hooking up
/////Season 3A Episode 6A A classic Friends episode.

Plot In A Paragraph: After Janice asks about past relationships between the friends, we go back three years earlier. Phoebe and Monica live together, but Phoebe has moved out (without Monica knowing). Chandler is looking for a roommate, it seems his choice is easy, a photographer who works with models, or Joey who is "ok with the whole gay thing". It turns out Monica fancies Joey, and urges Chandler to pick him. Rachel is engaged to Barry, but she wants one last meaningless relationship, and Chandler thinks he is just the man she needs. Ross is happy his wife finally has a friend, "Susan something from the gym" until he finds out they are lesbians.

I loved the scenes with Chandler comforting Monica and him bonding with Joey over 'Baywatch'
/////Season 3A Episode 6A I really love this episode. It's one of my all-time favorite episodes, and not just from Season 3, from the entire series.

In this episode, we flashback to three years ago, well at this point it's like twenty-two years ago, but that's the point. Anyway, we see lots of different aspects of the Friends' lives. First, Monica and Phoebe are living together, but Phoebe is slowly moving out, without Monica's knowledge. Chandler is looking for a new roommate, and finds a great one. Not Joey. A guy who is a photographer, and has lots of models over, so it's a no-brainer. But then Mr. Heckles lies by saying that Chandler offered the roommate spot to him, to Chandler had to go with his next choice, Joey. How rude of Mr. Heckles. That's why I didn't like him. Always lying. Anyway, Monica offers Joey lemonade, which he thinks means sex, so he gets naked in her apartment. Rachel is engaged to Barry, but she decides she wants a meaningless fling before she ties-the-knot. Chandler volunteers to be that fling. Central Perk is a bar, and it saddens Monica and Chandler to find out that they're turning it into a coffee shop. The line, "Where are we going to hang out now?" is probably my favorite of the episode. And Ross is happy in his relationship, until he finds out that his wife is a lesbian. So, Phoebe consoles him and they almost sleep together.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10.
/////Season 3A Episode 6A Janice stays curious to know about the past relationships between the Friends or, in good English, 'Who slept with whom''. The Friends start to remember three years earlier, when Phoebe still lived with Monica,When Chandler were choosing his new roommate and Monica were interested in Joey, ''the hot Italian guy''.

The Central Perk at that time was a Bar (and not a cafeteria!), Rachel still was engaged to Barry and was a rich spoiled girl. The funny thing is to see Chandler interested in Rachel and trying to hit on her !

Ross and Phoebe make out after the end of Ross' wedding and his discovery that Carol is a lesbian.
/////Season 3A Episode 6A After Janice asks about past relationships between the friends, we go back three years earlier. Phoebe and Monica live together, but Phoebe is moving out - without Monica knowing. Chandler is looking for a roommate, but his first choice, a photographer who works with models, is frightened away by Mr. Heckles, so Joey moves in instead. It turns out that living with Joey isn't that bad after all, and Monica fancies him, leading Joey to get naked in her apartment. Rachel is engaged to Barry, but she wants one last meaningless relationship, and Chandler is just the man she needs. Ross is happy his wife finally has a friend, until he finds out they are lesbians. Phoebe consoles him, and they almost sleep together.
/////Season 3A Episode 6A Flashbacks arent my cup of tea, but they worked in this episode. When Janice asks the group who slept with whom and doesnt get an answer she likes, she asks who almost did it. And we got a great episode, what the gang was doing one year before. Instead of central perk there was a bar, and Im glad it is a coffe house now, they meet Joey for the first time and we can see the old Rachel again.

There was a cute moment between Monica and Chandler, before they, you know. And every story was funny.

Fun fact - one of the original ideas of the show makers was to make Joey and Monica a couple and main cast would be them with Rachel and Ross (also a couple) without Phoebe and Chandler, who will appear here and there. Im glad they didnt make it that way.
/////Season 3A Episode 6A Ok so in the pilot Chandler meets Rachel for the first time. And yet in this episode he actually met her when she was engaged .

I guess the writers don't know their own show !
/////Season 3A Episode 6A I like the bit about the flash back which must have occurred at an earlier period of time.
/////Season 3A Episode 6A The guy who applies as Chandlers roommate with long hair and glasses. Is that Tag? Also the couch in Monicas apartment. Is that the "pivot" couch? If someone knows, give a thumb up.
/////Season 3A Episode 6A The first episode of the show to look back at the lives our our favourite six before the show began is a good one.

There's lots of funny moments, many of which concern Joey moving into the building.

The Chandler and Rachel story line wasn't as great, as it was quite unbelievable. It's also sad to see how thin Matthew Perry looks here, as his personal problems were around this time. The Phoebe and Ross scene at the end also didn't work for me.

A decent episode, though not a great one.
/////Season 3A Episode 7A The best one in this episode is Matt LeBlanc, to me his story is the highlight of this episode. He is teaching a class for soap opera acting and this brings lots of great moments and lines. I also love his reaction to Ross saying that he can't sleep with any of his students.

We also get to see Ross suffering through the dinner with Rachel's dad. The best is that they only connect when they both start making fun of Rachel for having a chiropractor

The story with Monica's new bed is pretty good as well. I like the most the reason why Phoebe didn't see it being delivered. Her punching Joey in the nose was a great scene
/////Season 3A Episode 7A Monica decides to buy a a new mattress in the store of Janice's ex husband, '' The Mattress king''.

Joey sees Janice kissing her ex husband and stays in doubt about telling it to Chandler or not. He also starts to give classes for future actors and actresses, but when he sees one of his students trying to get the role he wants, he advices him in a wrong way to eliminate him. (But the effect of his advice goes in a totally opposite direction, and his student gets the role)

Ross is going to dinner with Rachel's father, for his despair. The night ends in a very unpleasant way for him.
/////Season 3A Episode 7A The beginning was one of the best. Underrated classic. And..... We can't ignore the fact, that this shows that Phoebe, has telepathic powers lol.
/////Season 3A Episode 7A I love this episode. It's so funny. I love how throughout the entire series, we never find out what Monica's middle name is, but in this episode, Phoebe makes one up for her, Fallulah.

In this episode, Joey becomes a teacher. He teachers soap opera acting at the learning extension school. It's so funny. He loves the respect he gets. But unfortunately for him, one of his students is very good, and they go up for the same audition. The student asks for Joey's advice, but since Joey wants the job, he tells him to play the part gay, hoping it would make him the lose the chance to play that character. But then it turns out that the casting people loved that idea and the student got the job. Meanwhile, Monica orders a bed from The Mattress King, but isn't there to sign for it, so Phoebe does. But after the guys have assembled it and left, Phoebe realizes that it's a race car bed, not the one Monica ordered. When Chandler finds out, he's not very happy because Monica bought a bed from his girlfriend's soon-to-be ex-husband.

Fun Fact: This is the first time we hear about Gunther's love for Rachel.

Overall, I give this episode a 9 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Amazing.
/////Season 3A Episode 7A Joey becomes a learning extension teacher in soap acting, and loves the respect from even more clueless kids. Monica chooses a ridiculously cheap bed from Janices; Phoebe signs for her at delivery- of another bed, a childish race car! Rachel convinces Ross to dine with her dad, who takes him down even worse then he feared; the next day Ross and Dr. Green find each-other making fun about Rachel's chiropractor and various lack of good sense. When Joey hears one of his students also auditions for the same role he wants, he tries to eliminate him by bad advice to play the boxer gay, but the effect surprises him, though less then what he sees at the Mattress King when trying to get Monica's original bed.
/////Season 3A Episode 7A One of my favourite intros is the one in this episode. Joey is amaizing as teacher, Ross and Rachel have some funny moments with her dad, Chandler is being cheated on by Janice and Phoebe is hilarious in this episode.
/////Season 3A Episode 7A I was going to rate this episode as 7/10, but I'm giving it an extra bonus point just for how awesome Matt Le Blanc was in this episode. His acting class is the stuff of great TV and is certainly classic "Friends" Plot In A Paragraph: Joey starts teaching a soap opera class at the local college, but when he finds out one of his students is up for the same role as him, he tries to sabotage his student. Monica buys a bed from Janice's ex "The Mattress King" for a ridiculous price and Ross endures a horrible time when he goes out for a meal with Rachel and her Dad.

The revelation at the end of the episode will obviously have a baring on the future plots.
/////Season 3A Episode 7A I like the bit with the racing car bed although there was no karate kid poster.
/////Season 3A Episode 7A This episode is quite Joey/Matt Le Blanc heavy, and is all the better for it.

Joey is very funny teaching an 'acting in soap opera' class, and the line about reacting not being 'acting again' is perhaps the stand-out line.

It's great to see Lisa Kudrow being given more to do, and her accepting delivery for the race car bed was fun.

I haven't always been a fan of the Ross/Rachel story lines since they got together as a couple, but there were some fun moments in their story this time around.

Matthew Perry didn't feature much sadly, but apart from that this was a good episode.
/////Season 3A Episode 8A I thought this was a fun episode, with all three stories working.

I liked that there was a story line involving Rachel and Monica, and also that Ross being a parent was still central to the show. It would become less so as time went on.

Despite the well documented personal problems he was going through at the time (and his weight loss is visible here) Matthew Perry gives a great performance, showing what a good dramatic actor he is too. I loved his 'what would you do?' scene with Matt Le Blanc.

A good episode overall.
/////Season 3A Episode 8A Matthew Perry's best moment so far this season Plot In A Paragraph: After Joey sees Janice kissing her ex-husband, he struggles over whether to tell Chandler, when Chandler says he is going to buy her an expensive present, he decides to tell him. Phoebe doesn't want to go to the dentist because every time she does, someone dies. Monica accidentally bumps Bens head really hard and tries to cover the bump on his head.

Although Perry's appearance has changed a lot throughout this season so far (he is noticeably thinner than earlier in the season) it is not affecting his acting chops, as his scene with Janice at the end was brilliant.
/////Season 3A Episode 8A Phoebe doesn't want to go to the dentist because every time she does, someone dies. Monica plays the airplane game with Ben and bumps his head really hard and Rachel and Monica try to cover the bump on his head. Joey sees Janice kissing her ex-husband and tells Chandler. Phoebe is checking if she killed someone by going to the dentist and finds that Ugly Naked Guy hasn't moved since the morning. They build a massive poking device out of chopsticks to poke him and see if his alive or just taking a nap. Chandler leaves Janice so she can go back to her husband and child. Ugly Naked Guy is alive!
/////Season 3A Episode 8A I love this episode. It's so funny. Just the idea that Phoebe thinks she's killing people because people she knew happened to die whilst she was in the dentist. It's just hilarious.

In this episode, Phoebe's tooth hurts but she refuses to go to the dentist, because she believes she kills people. She explains that every time she's been to the dentist, some she knew died. After everyone convinces her to go, she comes back and calls everyone she knows to make sure they're not dead. Everyone sees Ugly Naked Guy across the street in his hammock, not moving. So they fashion a large poking device, to see if he's alive or not.

Overall, I give this episode a 9 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Amazing.
/////Season 3A Episode 8A Phoebe is afraid to go to the dentist, because every time she does, someone dies by coincidence. She stays the biggest part of the episode complaining about her toothache.

Monica and Rachel take care of Ben, but Monica, while playing with him, bumps his head really hard on the roof. They try to cover the bump on his head in the hope of Ross not discuss with them.

When Chandler decides to give an expensive birthday gift, Joey finally tells him about Janice kissing her ex husband. Chandler talks to Janice about the situation, and she tells him that she likes him and her ex husband. Chandler decides to leave Janice in order to let her(Janice's) kid with both parents together.
/////Season 3A Episode 8A I like the bit where there was a giant poking device.
/////Season 3A Episode 8A I kind of found the story of Phoebe not wanting to go to the dentist because people die more silly than funny, but I liked how it lead to the story of Ugly Naked guy not moving and them building a giant pocking device and poking him

We also get a bit of dramatic touch in this episode as well when Chandler finds out that Janice isn't sure if she loves him or her husband more. Matthew Perry did a great job. And the final scene of him and Phoebe singing together was pretty funny

I did like watching Monica and Rachel trying to cover up that Ben got a bump on his head and Ross than fooling Monica
/////Season 3A Episode 8A Phoebe being Phoebe doesnt want to go to the dentist because she thinks thats why people die. Rachel babysitting Ben with Monica is cute and funny after he hits his head. Monica bang, hm, are they trying to tell us something? Joey and Chandler had both funny and sirius scenes together and this episode reminded me why I love Chandler so much. Also him singing at the end with Phoebe was cute, sad and funny at the same time. Beauty of friends is exactly that. :)
/////Season 3A Episode 8A Spoilers for end of series....

Where Ben keeps saying Monica bang it sounds suspicially similar to Monica bing... coincidence??
/////Season 3A Episode 9A One of the best episodes of "Friends".

Plot In A Paragraph: It's Thanksgiving, so everyone is at Monica's for the usual festive meal. (Even Chandler, who is not boycotting it this year for unexplained reasons) They decide to have a friendly game of American Football in the park, despite the fact the Geller parents forbade Ross and Monica to play each-other ever again after years of vicious competiveness for the 'Geller Cup'. Rachel is awful and Phoebe only marginally better. Joey and Chandler are distracted by Margha, a Dutch girls who stays watching and they start arguing over who gets to date her. The Geller-rivalry takes over- Monica even makes it boys V's girls, and every dirty trick in the book is tried to gain points.

Some serious laugh out loud moments, despite the corny ending
/////Season 3A Episode 9A Language accuracy can be a tricky thing, which is definitely the case in this episode. Margha, a Dutch girl appears while the group is playing a game of Football. The girl speaks with a very heavy accent which unfortunately doesn't resemble the Dutch language or a Dutch accent at all. The actress portraying Margha obviously didn't do her homework. Even Joey's failed attempts of speaking French in "The one where Joey speaks French" resemble the French language more than what this actress is trying to achieve. She sounds, and even looks much more like a Russian, Ukraine or Belarusian woman. She doesn't even pronounce her own name in a typically Dutch manner. (The way you write her name isn't really the way we write it in the Netherlands; we would write Marga, without the "h".) But she could have used the typical Dutch "g"or "ch" sound to make it sound Dutch.

Since Friends became an international sensation, and was also popular beyond all belief in the Netherlands, I feel the production team could have done so much better on this little character. We, the Dutch, certainly would have been very excited to have seen and heard a real Dutch person in this series. Instead we're left wondering the entire episode about what went wrong in the casting department.

Joey's big confusion between Netherlands and Neverland makes up for it though! ;-)
/////Season 3A Episode 9A This is a great episode with a lot of competitiveness. We get to see it between Ross and Monica and we know that it will get bad because their mom didn't allow them to play football anymore. It is done in a very funny way, I enjoyed that brother/sister dynamics, how well both actors played it and the lines ("Cheater, cheater, compulsive eater" lol)

And we also get some competitiveness between the best friends Joey and Chandler. But they are competing more for a woman than in football. And this is very funny as well. I love it how Chandler got Joey to say that Neatherlands are the place where Peter Pan lives. And they were so bad that the woman at the end refused to pick either one
/////Season 3A Episode 9A I'm Dutch and every time this episode comes on I'm facepalming myself because of that 'Dutch girl'. She seems nothing like a Dutch person. Her accent sounds Russian. I legit thought the actress was Russian or from another Eastern-European country, which would have given her some credit, but apparently she's American. She just used some kind of random accent that's meant to sound 'foreign' because Americans don't know the difference anyway, right? Also her hair (I'm assuming it was a wig) is literally white? If anything, her hair colour looks more Scandinavian, but really she just looks weird. Americans really have no idea, do they.

The episode loses points just because of that poor excuse for a character. It's embarrassing.
/////Season 3A Episode 9A Where do I begin on this one?! I love friends but this episode is just cringy. The football rivalry is strange, the Dutch girl is not Dutch at all, Joey pronounces her name better than she does. And then Ross throws in all stereotypes you can think off when Joey and Chandler fight over Marga. As a Dutch person I am kind of offended but I also understand why so many Americans believe we live in windmills and walk around on clogs if this is the picture painted in the media. Friends have given us some great tv, but this episode is not it.
/////Season 3A Episode 9A It's Thanksgiving, so everyone is dining Monica's festive meal. After watching pros on TV, they decide to have a friendly American Football game in the park, despite the fact the Geller parents forbade Ross and Monica to play each-other ever again after years of vicious rivalry for the 'Geller Cup'. Rachel and Phoebe prove worse then worthless. Joey and Chandler are totally absorbed by Margha, a Dutch girls who stays watching and get competitive about her. Now the teams start playing to win; then the Geller-rivalry takes over- Monica even makes it boys-girls, and every dirty trick is tried
/////Season 3A Episode 9A The worst episodes of Friends. Ik really love the serie's even 25 years later. The "dutch" girl sounds and looks russian😂. Hurts my eyes to watch this episode
/////Season 3A Episode 9A It's controversial to say I know, but I don't like that episode that much.

It's got it's moments, but other than the football match there's nothing much going on.

The sight of a clearly unwell Matthew Perry is also sad to see. He does well in his scenes, but there's clearly something missing from his performance.

Matt Le Blanc stole all of his scenes, and I liked the Monica and Ross competitive nature, but other than that I can't say this is an episode I'd be keen to revisit.
/////Season 3A Episode 9A I love Friends, but I really hate this episode. The supposedly Dutch girl Margha is not even close to a Dutch person. Her accent is weird, she pronounces her name wrong and having blonde hair doesn't automatically make someone look Dutch. Such a shame for such a good show.
/////Season 3A Episode 9A This is one of the cringiest things i've ever seen
/////Season 3A Episode 9A I'm not a huge fan of the show anyways, but this was just ridiculous and cringe.
/////Season 3A Episode 9A I'm a bit confused as I'm sure there is another episode with a football.
/////Season 3A Episode 9A How can you not love this episode? Brother - sister relationship is pretty well showed and really accurate, I love how competitive they are, and not just Monica and Ross but also Joey and Chandler. Im glad Chandler got picked over Joey, I know its hard to choose between them, but Chandler always wins for me. Too bad Phoebe and Rachel cant compete in pro league, they are good players.
/////Season 3A Episode 10 Rachel has been working pretty long as the waitress, so it was a good time to make some changes for the character. It is actually a pretty boring part of the episode. I must say I just liked the irony of the last scene.

The story of Phobe and Christmas trees is pretty silly but very Phoebe-like. And I can somehow understand her, while I do not think that Christmas trees should fulfil their Christmas destiny I always found it sad that nature is being used just for decoration

And the best part is Ross being a Brown Bird. He is too funny in this part and I love it that he became a "Cookie Dude" at NYU.
/////Season 3A Episode 10 Ross accidentally breaks a little girl's leg and tries to help her sell boxes of cookies which recreates Monica's childhood fixation. Rachel quits her job at Central Perk and Joey's Christmas tree selling conflicts with Phoebe's principles.
/////Season 3A Episode 10 Ross breaks a little girl's leg who was selling cookies by mistake and feels guilty about it. He tries to help her selling cookies, in order to win a place at the space camp, her dream, but the problem is that he needs to sell more then 400 boxes to be near the last champion!

Rachel is working as a waitress for almost 3 years. Tired of receiving instructions from Gunther, she decides to quit her job, to try to do something she really likes and cares about.

Phoebe tries to convince Joey to stop working with Christimas Trees,since she feels sorry for the poor trees being "killed" only because of this date.
/////Season 3A Episode 10 I like the bit where Rachael quit something. Not sure what but it was funny.
/////Season 3A Episode 10 What a great character. Also the last scene of six of them together is one of my favourite scenes of friends, so sweet. :)
/////Season 3A Episode 10 This is a fun festive themed episode of the show, and one that reminds us how funny David Schwimmer can be as Ross, when not having to play out the romantic comedy style stories with Rachel.

It's sad that Matthew Perry is not given much to do, but that may be because of the personal problems he was going through at the time.

Although not the main plot, the best story line for me was the one involving Joey/Phoebe and some Christmas trees.

Not the best episode ever, but a decent one overall.
/////Season 3A Episode 11 Quite Underrated Episode. Both Matthew and Matt are hilarious in it. Only time we get to see a never before seen DRUNKEN Chandler... Joey's birthday party, sisters and Grandma... Everything is so perfect
/////Season 3A Episode 11 This is a pretty funny episode. I loved Matthew Perry's performance in it. And the story is also great. The idea alone that Chandler can't remember which sister is already awesome, but it is also made very well when he comes to visit her and sits at the table with all those sisters trying to figure out which one it was. And he also gets punched by another sister when it all comes out

There is something about Rachel now that is too irritating for me. I really disliked her for the rest of the season. And it basically started when she changed her job and started working closer related to fashion. She now has some sort of arrogance and inconsideration about her which wasn't there before
/////Season 3A Episode 11 Chandler still misses Janice and in Joey's birthday party, he drinks too much to not think about her. But he makes out with one of Joey's sisters and to get even more complicated, he doesn't remember which one he was.

Rachel gets a new job in the fashion area, but she only does terrible activities, like serving coffee,cleaning closets,etc. While complaining to Monica in the restaurant, she meets Mark, a handsome guy who helps her to get a job in Bloomingdales.

Ross is jealous of Mark, thinking that the only thing he wants is to go to bed with Rachel.

Phoebe decides to ask to the upstairs neighbor not to do such a big noise, but he is so charming that no ones can discuss with him: even Phoebe is enchanted, and they eventually make out.
/////Season 3A Episode 11 Drunk Chandler gets really intimate with one of Joey's sisters and things only go worse. David improvised in the scene where Chandler apologises to Monica. And you gotta understand Ross, he has been cheated on once.
/////Season 3A Episode 11 Ross' jealousy is not funny, not cute, will never be.
/////Season 3A Episode 11 I like the bit where chandler can't remember which sister.
/////Season 3A Episode 11 I agree with another reviewer that the writers were tweaking the Rachel character at this point of the series/the show in general, and there were some teething problems with that.

The great thing about this episode is that it's very Chandler and Joey orientated, which is rarely a bad thing as Matthew Perry and Matt LeBlanc work off of each other so well. There are some great lines in this story.

The slow build-up to the Ross and Rachel break-up was coming at this point, but the serial aspects are not outdone by the comedic.
/////Season 3A Episode 12 The story of Ross being jealous of Mark continues. While Rachel is still not being a character I feel any sympathy for, one can still see that Ross is being unreasonable. Although once he describes his feelings one can see where he is coming from. So it was very well written and presented

I have no idea why Monica is into Julio, because he seemed like a slimeball from the start. But this story does bring a few laughters. Especially when Joey has no problem figuring out what Empty Vase is about and when the quartet sings a song for Julio.

And Joey's audition is the most hilarious. Especially when everyone auditioning dances the routine as Joey taught them
/////Season 3A Episode 12 Rachel is going to start at her new job at Bloomingdale's with Mark. Ross stays jealous of their relationship,specially when Mark invites Rachel to lunch with him, so he decides to send all sort of gifts to Rachel's work to let Mark know that she has a boyfriend.

Monica stays interested in Julio, the poet guy who works in the restaurant with her. They sleep together and Julio makes a poetry to her, but Monica, who is terrible with poetries,does not understand that the poetry is about a terrible thing.

Joey tries to get a job in a musical, but since he lied about having a lot of dancing experiences, he will need to do a very hard dance audition. (And he will fail, of course!)
/////Season 3A Episode 12 Ross becomes insanely jealous of Mark. Monica hooks up with a co-worker, who writes her a poem with a hidden meaning. One of Joey's numerous lies on his resume is exposed when he takes part in a Broadway production.
/////Season 3A Episode 12 1 star because of Ross. His jealousy is annoying.









U
/////Season 3A Episode 12 Apart from the Joey story line, and in fact Matt Le Blanc's performance in this whole episode there's not much else that works for me here. The more the writers gave him to do, the more LeBlanc embraced it, making Joey more and more lovable.

For whatever reason Matthew Perry is given not much to do at all, and the whole 'stripper' plot goes nowhere.

The Monica story was only funny when the barbershop quartet turned up and the Ross and Rachel story was very annoying.

Not one of my favourite episodes.
/////Season 3A Episode 12 Monica dates Hulio briefly and Ross is still having hard time dealing with the whole Rachel and her coworker Mark situation. Funniest moment in this episode for me was Joey's dancing and teaching other to dance. Chandler didnt have much to do in this episode but still made me laugh with his new pen. Phoebe was there for Monica and Gunther still has a crush on Rachel. Overall, pretty good episode. Ending scene is also well done.
/////Season 3A Episode 12 Ha ha there's actually a bit in this episode that really is funny.
/////Season 3A Episode 13 Monica and Richard accidentally meet each other at a video shop(Richard doesn't have his mustache!). They both get really well along, and they decide to go out as a friends. When Monica tries to teach Richard how to cook a Lasagna, they end up having sex.

Phoebe dates an athlete guy who doesn't wear underwear, making Ross and Chandler have funny moments laughing at this. She decides to give him an underwear as a gift present, but she doesn't have much success in her idea.

Joey and Rachel exchange their favorite books. Joey's favorite is ''The Shinning'' and Rachel's ''Little Women''. They want to know which is the best book, but they both enjoy a lot both books.
/////Season 3A Episode 13 Monica bumps into Richard at the video shop. They go out for a burger just as friends. Rachel gets in late from work every night. Phoebe is dating a sporty guy. Joey and Rachel exchange their favourite books to see which one is better. Monica shows Richard how to cook lasagna and they make love. They wanna try being friends who sleep together. They have a great time together and Monica wants to be with him for real again. Richard would love to be with Monica but they're right back where they were and they both know how it's gonna end.
/////Season 3A Episode 13 The storyline with Phoebes new boyfriends isnt my cup of tea but it did made me laugh here and there. In this episode Richard is back so the episode must be good. And do I have to mention how adorable Joey is. Out of three storylines, his and Rachels is the best one for sure.
/////Season 3A Episode 13 I liked the bit with the hamburger. It made me want to go out and get a hamburger.
/////Season 3A Episode 13 The best part of this episode is about the guy Phoebe is dating who doesn't wear underwear and has everyone see his stuff through his shorts. It isn't so much the story as the great reactions of all the characters towards it and the awesome word play at the end when Phoebe tries to break up with him. And Gunther gets a great line that makes everyone laugh J

oey and Rachel exchanging books is also a good one. Joey is very cute. I loved the scene where he accidentally tells Rachel the end of Shining and they start spoiling the books to each other.

The story of Monica and Richard I could live without. I didn't find it funny nor did I care for them getting together to find it interesting
/////Season 3A Episode 13 Richard and Monica run into each other at the video store and after helping him make a lasagna for a potluck dinner, they are knocking boots; clearly they are not over each other. Monica is an attractive woman but her bossy personality and obsessive compulsive behavior makes you wonder just WHAT men see in her! Richard is a mature, good natured man who is firm when he has to be and I'm glad he stuck to his guns when Monica tentatively talked about having babies. Monica, if the man does not want to have children at his age, do NOT try to force it on him, that's why you broke up with him in the first place! Phoebe has no problem saying ridiculous things or speaking her mind in almost every FRIENDS episode so I do not see why she had difficulty telling her current boyfriend his 'you know what' was peeping out of his shorts. Spirited Phoebe was suddenly rather prudish Phoebe. Joey's introduction to Alcott's LITTLE WOMEN was funny and moving. Funny because he thought Jo was a boy and Laurie was a girl and moving because he obviously got to the chapter- THE VALLEY OF THE SHADOW - where Beth dies. I've read the book and that chapter in particular still makes me cry.
/////Season 3A Episode 13 This feels a bit like a filler episode as the writers slowly build up to the Ross and Rachel break-up that will follow shortly. However, there's a fair bit of fun to be found here.

The Phoebe story line isn't that funny, but features some good lines, notably the one from Gunther. The sad thing about it is how thin and unwell Matthew Perry looks here.

Of course the Monica and Richard story is the one that packs an emotional punch, and it's well performed by both Cox and Selleck.

Not my favourite episode of all time, but a decent one.
/////Season 3A Episode 14 The title story of this episode is pretty boring. Although the good part of it is the Smelly Cat litter commercial, this one turned out kind of funny

I did like the story about the girl with the artificial leg funny. I love the part where Joey tells how he accidentally burned it down and after that just ran through the woods with no socks on. Matt LeBlanc was just great at telling this story. And the ending is pretty good too. Chandler has overcome the fact that the leg was bothering him but who knew that he will be left for his nubbin? The irony!

And we have more development of the conflict between Rachel and Ross. David Schwimmer was very funny at the "Jurrasic Parka" part. And while Ross sure is unreasonable with his jealousy, Rachel is being pretty annoying. Couldn't she just laugh off that Ross fell asleep? Nah, she is too stuck up for it. And while I see what they were doing when she was saying how boring his job for her, I couldn't help but thinking: "Seriously? You are comparing spectacular historical evidence to fashion?" Puuuuhleeze
/////Season 3A Episode 14 Phoebe's ex singing partner Leslie plays at Central Perk. Leslie left the duo and Phoebe is still mad but Leslie wants them to play together again. Ross is delighted to hear that Mark quit his job. Chandler meets Ginger and goes out with her. Joey used to date Ginger but accidentally threw her artificial leg into a fire and ran away. Phoebe and Leslie are back together playing music. Ross goes to a fashion seminar with Rachel so she won't go with Mark. They fight because Ross was so bored he fell asleep. Ross doesn't like that he is not involved in Rachel's "other" life with her work but Rachel loves having something on her own. Leslie sells "Smelly Cat" as a commercial jingle and Phoebe and Leslie break up once again. Ginger dumps Chandler because he has a third nipple. Chandler lets the third nipple be removed surgically.
/////Season 3A Episode 14 Leslie, Phoebe's ex-Partner, wants them to play together again, like the old times, but Phoebe refuses the invitation, since she is still angry with Leslie behavior. Leslie abandoned Phoebe to write jingles in the past, and only after a lot of persuasion, Phoebe accepts to be with Leslie again.

Chandler meets Ginger, a beautiful girl who has a mechanic leg and that once dated Joey.She hates Joey for what he did to her in the past. (Joey accidentally threw her artificial leg into the fire, thinking that it was wood. When he saw what he did, he ran away from her and she stayed alone in the camp)

Mark, Rachel's work friend, is going to a new job, for Ross' happiness. He stays jealous when he hears that Rachel is going to a lecture with Mark, and decides to go with her, but he sleeps of boredom.

Chandler removes his third nipple.
/////Season 3A Episode 14 I love when Phoebe gets more screen time. Joey's hiding is hilarious just like storyline with that Ginger girl. And Im glad Chandler didnt lose his source of power. Also we got a chance to hear Smelly cat again, which means the episode cant be bad. :)
/////Season 3A Episode 14 Rachel was justified at being angry with Ross for falling asleep; he was the one who insisted on going with her, just so Mark wouldn't accompany her. I've never really approved of Rachel and Ross as a couple any way; Ross is far too whiny, insecure and unreasonable and considering Rachel finally found her niche in Bloomingdale's after putting her hated waitress job behind her, he should not put belittle her interest in her job or the fashion lecture. Not everyone's a dinosaur intellectual Ross! The plot about Phoebe and her ex partner was interesting. Anyone would be hurt if their singing partner left them to move on to something better but I imagine Phoebe was also angry because her partner was the better singer hence she got less appreciative fans after her departure. The leg burning was NOT funny and I can't believe Joey did such a thing to Ginger and thought at some level she would find it funny.
/////Season 3A Episode 14 A woman with a fake leg. The laugh track will be working overdrive.
/////Season 3A Episode 14 Ginger, she said it's alright if her prosthetic leg bothered Chandler but she's disgusted by Chandler's nubbin? Faker.
/////Season 3A Episode 14 This episode is all part of the story arc that will build to Rachel and Ross splitting up, but there are some funny moments a long the way.

Lisa Kudrow is on great form here, playing the kooky side of Pheobe effortlessly, but it's also interesting to see her be wounded and doubtful about reforming her due with ex singing partner, Leslie.

The Joey/Chandler story line is OK, but there's no hiding the fact that Matthew Perry looks painfully thin and unwell.

This is a decent mid series episode from the third series of the show.
/////Season 3A Episode 15 After a few episodes of build up this is the episode where Ross and Rachel decide to take a break on their relationship.

Despite the dramatic implications of this there is still a lot of fun to be found in this episode along the way.

I liked the Phoebe story line, and Lisa Kudrow again is on top form. There are also some lovely Joey lines in this episodes, which Matt Le Blanc gleefully dispatches.

It's sad that Ross and Rachel's relationship didn't last, but they had become a little bit boring once they got together, and with it clear that the show was going to stick around for a while, in terms of story possibilities, breaking them up was the obvious thing to do.
/////Season 3A Episode 15 Phoebe meets a diplomat,Sergei, when she is doing free massage at the UN. She starts to date him, but she stays upset because the only way they can communicate is by Sergei's translator, what makes them feel very uncomfortable with many situations.

Chloe, the girl with the belly bottom ring from the Xerox, invites Joey and Chandler for a party. They both are attracted to her and imagine all types of situations.

Ross and Rachel have a terrible fight in Rachel's office, in their first anniversary together. When Rachel comes home, she asks Ross to take a break from their relationship. Ross goes to the same party that Chandler and Joey are, and when he talks to Rachel by phone, he listens to Mark's voice. Thinking that she is making out with him, Ross stays with Chloe, the Xerox girl, in the party.
/////Season 3A Episode 15 I liked the scenes of Phoebe on the date with the diplomat. There were lots of funny moments there. Starting with his translator ruining their romantic moment, also the times when Phoebe was trying to get his attention while he was talking to Monica and especially when the translator left and they tried to communicate without him. Monica was kind of a selfish friend this time. Phoebe asked her to do a favor and she just ruined it all. But I am thankful for this, because this made the story funnier

Speaking of selfish. Rachel was unbearable this time. Yes, Rachel, it is indeed just a job. When your job ruins your relationship you need to think how to handle it better. Otherwise it just shows your priorities and how little you care about your partner. Ross never seems to have no time and his job is actually important. glad that at the end she at least started to recognize it

The girl from the copy shop was kind of irritating. I don't think I liked the acting, otherwise she wouldn't be that bad
/////Season 3A Episode 15 This episode and the next one are so hard to watch. I always feel sorry for them.
/////Season 3A Episode 15 Epizode wouldnt have worked..if it was the other way around it would be concidered NORMAL for him to work endless hours . But Rachel would NEVER EVER would have gone visit his pkace of work. that Scene isnt believable. at all.
/////Season 3A Episode 15 I just hate this episode i had to skip most of the parts Friends.writers done a bad job.
/////Season 3A Episode 15 Phoebe dates an East European UN diplomat, Sergei, and asks Monica to join them at a restaurant to keep his translator company as Sergei cannot speak English. When Ross brings a picnic to Rachel's office, Rachel becomes fed up with Ross's neediness and suggests they take a break. Ross seeks comfort in the bar where Joey and Chandler are trying to impress Chloe, the copy girl they both have a crush on. Ross and Rachel are trying to make up on the phone when Ross hears Mark, who insisted he come over. Mark, knowing Rachel is on the phone with Ross, makes his voice audible to him so Ross assumes the worst and hangs up on Rachel. He then has one too many beers and sleeps with Chloe.
/////Season 3A Episode 15 Understand it may need the plot to go like this to add more twists but there are plenty of other ways to do it. Make Rachel a crazy busy woman does not make too much sense to the audience.
/////Season 3A Episode 15 I like the bit where phoebe needs an interpreter on her date.
/////Season 3A Episode 16 I think the first time I watched this I had never been heartbroken.. but watching it now this was so moving. David Schwimmer and Jennifer Aniston - WOW WOW WOW! Just amazing performances and connection. I actually cried. Dancer in the Dark is the last film I cried over. They both deserve an EMMY for these performances alone. And of course so well written. And funny bits too! My favourite line from Joey at the end: "Maybe she killed him." Perfect timing! Watching these again, 20 years older, I am surprised at how good it is. And how things mean different things to me now than when I was in my teens/early twenties. It is good for all ages!
/////Season 3A Episode 16 In my opinion, this episode only loses in terms of 'sadness' to the last episode of Friends.

It's an awesome directed episode, where comedy and drama walk together throughout the whole 30 minutes of the show.

Monica, Chandler, Joey and Phoebe are responsible for the comedy in Monica's room, where they ''lock'' themselves, while Ross and Rachel are fighting in the living room. Of course those two are responsible for the drama, really amazingly acted by both the phenomenal actors David and Jennifer. I was shocked with their ability in the 'drama area', because so far in the series they hadn't done so touching and sad scenes like they did in this episode. I've read they cried for real, by the way.

I think I cried I little bit less in this episode than on the last one. Best drama scene (Ross and Rachel breaking up) on the show. That's how powerful and impacting it was.

Definitely 10 out of 10.
/////Season 3A Episode 16 I am really not a big fan of this story or of Rachel in this situation and yet I find this episode to be great. Both the writing and the acting is on a very high level.

During Rachel and Ross's break up we do get to laugh a bit in scenes when Chloe is still in the house when Rachel comes over, when Ross follows the trail or when Rachel orders pizza. But at the same time we get a very sad and dramatic break up with a great dialogue and wonderful performance by both Jennifer Aniston and David Swimmer.

And I absolutely love the rest of the gang being locked in a room listening to it all. Just sitting there hungry eating wax. And Joey talking about his new walk was hilarious
/////Season 3A Episode 16 Ross was wrong in the previous episode for being overbearing bc rachel clearly said she didnt have time for dinner, so its his fault for the argument starting. It was established Rachel and Mark werent a thing, she just needed a friend, he immediately hung up and didnt bother letting her explain, and then out of self pity, he slept with the xerox girl.
/////Season 3A Episode 16 I was very emotional during this episode. Both Jennifer Aniston and David Swimmmer did a breathtaking job acting. This is where Friends was just beginning on it's amazing run
/////Season 3A Episode 16 Ha ha Ross moved on pretty bloody quick if you ask me.
/////Season 3A Episode 16 Monica and Phoebe try to wax with a new product they saw in TV, but the product is fake in it's promises and too painful. In their first try, they give up.

Rachel discovers by Gunther, in a big chain of gossips, that Ross slept with Chloe in the night they gave break up in their relation. Ross tries to convince Rachel that he thought that Rachel was with Mark, but she doesn't accept him back and they break for real.

Monica, Phoebe, Chandler and Joey don't dare to leave Monica's bedroom while they listen all day to Ross and Rachel arguing about their relationship. They even eat Wax!
/////Season 3A Episode 16 What's clever about this episode is that we can see things from both Ross and Rachel's point of view, and that is important not only for this episode, but for the whole series going forward.

Jennifer Aniston and David Schwimmer give beautiful performances here, we believe in these characters and their emotions so much, and that's down to them.

It's an episode of two sides really, as the other characters are used in the other story line that is more centred on comedy.

It all works though, and is a key 'Friends' episode.
/////Season 3A Episode 16 The morning after Rachel declared they needed a break, she wakes up ready to work on getting back together - and Ross is drunk in bed with Chloe, the copy girl; Joey and Chandler warn him word will follow 'the trail' of women blabbering to Rachel, and at every step he's too late to stop it. When she storms in for an endless session of denial there's still love between them, whatever he tries, the other friends don't dare to leave the bedroom where Monica and Phoebe had been waxing.
/////Season 3A Episode 16 I think Ross is the dumbest character in any TV show ever ! This kind of episode is really not the reason i like this show, a stupid character making stupid decisions and being aggressive on top of that... I mean i can't express enough how Ross is a stupid and annoying moron! And the rest of the group staying in the bedroom eating wax...so stupid !
/////Season 3A Episode 16 One of the most emotional Friends episodes ever and all credits for that goes to David and Jeniffer, two great actors. Even if its a sad episode we still got a laugh here and there. Joey and Chandler were cute when they heard girls screaming and came to help with some dishes hahah.
/////Season 3A Episode 16 I used to like Rachel when I started watching the show, but after what she did to Ross, I'm not so sure.
/////Season 3A Episode 17 Ross and Rachel are not talking to each other, and all the activities and travels they do, are separated. The Friends need to adapt to this new routine, since Ross and Rachel cannot stay at the same place without be shouting or having terrible fights.

Chandler is stressed with Ross' and Rachel's break up, because it remembers him very much when his parents divorced, so he returns the bad habit of smoking. He also admits that he uses humor as a defense mechanism since them.

Rachel invites everyone except Ross to go Skii with her in her sister's house. Phoebe is the one who will bring them to the place, driving her grandmother's cab, but when a problem occurs, they have to call Ross to go help them.
/////Season 3A Episode 17 It's a week after Ross and Rachel broke up and they still don't get along and just shout at each other. The group splits up because Rachel and Ross can't be in the same room anymore. Everyone goes off to a ski trip except Ross. They all get stuck at a rest stop on the way and have to call Ross to go get them. No one wants to be caught in the middle between Rachel and Ross and they want them to get along so they can all hang out together again. Rachel and Ross promise to be civil.
/////Season 3A Episode 17 In this episode the writers had a good idea to show how a break up of a couple may be a problem for their mutual friends as well. I think they did a fairly decent job with it although I must say I was not too happy with the episode

The whole Chandler acting the same as when his parents divorced was not funny to me at all, actually it just was getting on my nerves. Same as the annoying anti-smoking campaign they had in there

My favorite in this episode was Ross. Being all upset, guilting his friends and talking to Cartol while she wanted him out to get to the romantic anniversary with Susan was very funny
/////Season 3A Episode 17 Who gets custody of the friends when a couple breaks up? The writers of 'Friends' try to solve that question in this post Ross and Rachel break-up episode.

It's not the best episode of the show ever, but it was an important issue that needed to be covered. However, there weren't that many big jokes in this episode, or many memorable scenes.

Poor Matthew Perry looks very thin and unwell here, but still has some good moments as Chandler, who has taken the break-up hardest.

I thought this episode was OK, but not anything great.
/////Season 3A Episode 17 Great episode as usual, you get to pick a side after the breakup and for me Phoebe explained it the best in the coffe house.
/////Season 3A Episode 17 I like the bit where they wrote pleh instead of help.
/////Season 3A Episode 17 I love their ski outfits so much! Jen's face and hair is stunning in this episode. I love her red coat, Monica's black, elegant coat with the fur around the hood and Phoebe's as well. The guys are dressed well too in sweaters. There is the 90s snowflake design on their tops. There is a funny scene where the girls' boob sizes are compared and then Phoebe agrees to take out her blue wired bra. Chandler proceeds to ask about nicest butts after. Ross goes to his ex's who is a lesbian. She is celebrating her anniversary. Ross states he thought her marriage was in Jan and she states not that kind of anniversary.
/////Season 3A Episode 18 This is a great episode. Chandler listening to the hypnosis tape to quit smoking and at the same time picking up that he is a "strong, confident woman" is just great. Matthew Perry is really good at doing it. And the ending where Joey figures out what is happening and records something on the tape is also great

Very happy to see Frank again. And now there is a great addition: his older girlfriend Alice. It is funny how Phoebe who is such an open minded person is the one against their relationship because of society enforced prejudices. But at the end the two make her give it up because of their love. Kudos to Friends team for making this relationship a good thing, even though the woman is so much older

And we have another addition as well which is Pete. This already seems to have the potential to be a very exciting story
/////Season 3A Episode 18 Rachel gives to Chandler a tape to help him stop smoking. It is a hypnoses tape,but it is destined to help women, and Chandler listens to it every night when he goes to sleep, without knowing that fact. When he starts to have strange habits like using gloss and acting too gay, things get really funny.

Phoebe stays shocked when she sees that her brother's fiancée is at least 20 years older then him and was his teacher in school. Decided to bring them apart, Phoebe asks Ross and Joey to help her to split them, but they end up being the best man and ring bearer of Frank's wedding. When Phoebe sees that Frank Jr and his fiancée really like each other, she gave up her idea.

Monica meets Peter Becker while working in the restaurant. Peter always asks her to go out with him, but she always denied. When she discovers by Chandler that he is a famous millionaire, she stays REALLY surprised with his 20.000 dollars check, as a tip, that he gave her.
/////Season 3A Episode 18 The episode title refers to the hypnosis tape that Chandler has to listen to in an effort to help him quit smoking. However, the tape is geared towards a woman and it turned him into an effeminate caricature (which is actually hilarious).

Sadly, the rest of the episode focuses on Frank Jr. who announces that he was thrown out of his house because his mom found out that he was dating his Home Ec teacher and they're getting married. Personally, any Frank Jr episode can be skipped during a binge watch. He isn't funny. He adds nothing to the plot except as a respirator for giving Phoebe something to do periodically. And worst of all, he comes off as this mentally challenged goober. If you get through the series a few times you realize he has no arc as a character. He's a moron with no prospects at the beginning and he's even worse for wear at the end of the series because he's still a moron and has triplets he can't afford.

Although there is one hidden gem: Jon Favreau as tech billionaire Pete Becker makes an appearance and takes Monica on a date which sets them off on an interesting side-story. What happens if an insanely rich person who can take care of you for the rest of your life likes you, but you don't like them? Monica is truly conflicted. Monica and Pete are a nice distraction towards the end of Season 3 and their relationship gets very funny.

A pretty standard episode but personally, I can do without Frank Jr and he's in ALOT of this episode.
/////Season 3A Episode 18 While the Ross and Rachel break-up and the effects of this are still going on in the background, the show at this point seemed to be getting back to normal and is all the better for it.

Despite being painfully thin and not looking well, Matthew Perry gives a good performance here, and his story line provides a fair few laughs.

We also meet the lovely Pete, whose relationship with Monica will be a part of the next few episodes.

The Phoebe story line was my favourite of this episode, because there's real heart behind it.

A sweet episode
/////Season 3A Episode 18 Phoebe's brother Frank is getting married to a woman twice his age who used to be his teacher. Phoebe asks Joey and Ross to talk Frank out of getting married at 18. But they see that Frank really loves Alice and they agree to be best man and ring bearer. Monica is asked out by a millionaire. Chandler is using a hypnosis tape to quit smoking. The tape tells him he is "a strong confident woman" who doesn't need to smoke. He begins to act like a female.
/////Season 3A Episode 18 I love all storylines in this episode, especially Chandler is hilarious.
/////Season 3A Episode 18 This thing seems to have too many funny things for it not to be funny.
/////Season 3A Episode 19 I really liked the Ross and Rachel story in this episode. It wasn't anything big, but I both liked the performances and how it ended. David Schwimmer was just too funny both when he argues with Rachel and when he stalks her through the peep hole. Rachel was someone I liked again in this episode. And the end is pretty touching, it also gives hope for the two

And now we also get a bigger story about Joey who starts having feelings for an actress that is in his play while she doesn't take him seriously as an actor

Monica and Pete story is a bit disappointing in this episode. Nothing very interesting or exciting
/////Season 3A Episode 19 Mark confesses to Rachel that he likes her, and asks her to go out with him. Rachel, totally surprised, tells Mark that she doesn't feel comfortable in going out with anyone yet, because she feels like she was cheating Ross.

Monica continues to go out with Pete, the millionaire guy, but she doesn't feel attracted to him, though she finds him a very nice guy.

Joey meets Kate, an actress who will work with him in a play, but he immediately starts to hate her because of her arrogant way.

Ross and Rachel have a fight when Rachel returns Ross' stuff , because in Ross' mind, they could have a chance to stay together again. When he sees Rachel wanting to move on, he asks for his t-shirt back, letting Rachel angry,because the t-shirt is very tiny in Ross' body.
/////Season 3A Episode 19 Joey is so cute in this episode, and so is Ross at the end.
/////Season 3A Episode 19 I like the bit where Ross has a tiny shirt. Classic sight gag.
/////Season 3A Episode 19 Rachel and Monica go on dates with guys they realize are not for them. Rachel realizes she is only trying to get back at Ross and Monica is not attracted to this rich man. Monica tries to avoid as much physical contact. Rachel looks beautiful - I love her hairstyles with a clip tying back her hair and the shoulder-length straight hair. She wears this gorgeous dress on her date with cute black shoes and a necklace. Joey gets a role in a play and tries to flirt with the actress but he does not like her attitude and complains about her to the guys. Joey manages to swoon this actress in the next rehearsal when they have to kiss - he goes in for a killer kiss that makes her leaning forward with her back arched after he leans back. The actress forgets her shoes in her delirious state. Ross becomes petty when Rachel calls him over to give back a box filled with his stuff. It includes gifts he gave her. He gets upset and tries to take back all the other little things that is typically overseen. He wants his old t-shirt back and Rachel gets angry because she claims he has not worn the shirt since he was 15. Ross takes off his shirt and we see his bare chest - he has a bit of chest hair - and puts on the shirt jat is very tight for him now.
/////Season 3A Episode 19 Monica thinks Pete is perfect but she is just not attracted to him. Joey gets the part and hates his stage-wife Kate because she tells everyone Joey was in the infomercial and can't open a milk carton. Mark asks Rachel out but Rachel doesn't want to see anyone because she would feel like she was cheating on Ross. But Ross and Rachel get in a fight when Rachel returns Ross' stuff so they can move on. Rachel goes on a date with Mark. Mark kisses Rachel but Rachel tells him she can't be with him because she only went on a date to get back at Ross. Joey has a crush on Kate but she is seeing the director of the play.
/////Season 3A Episode 20 Monica's and Ross' aunt Sylvia, dies, and Monica inherits the doll house that she always wanted to play, and was never allowed. Phoebe competes with Monica,after Monica forbids her to play, of who has the cooler doll house. (And Phoebe's house is much cooler and creative then Monica's)

Joanna, Rachel's boss, is interested to go out with Chandler. They go out in a date, but while Joanna likes Chandler more then before, Chandler finds her very annoying.

Kate and Joey still discuss a lot with each other, until they sleep together. Joey stays very happy with that fact, since he discovered that he is in love with Kate, the first woman who doesn't like him back.
/////Season 3A Episode 20 The best part that basically saves the whole episode is the story of Chandler dating Rachel's boss Joanna. It is a great idea and played very funny by every actor

The story of Joey and Kate was slightly dull in this episode although it was a fun idea to make Joey see what it is like on the other side. And it did bring a few great lines, like "Hey, it is not her sweater. It is whats under the sweater that counts!".

The story of the doll house was pretty bad imo. Not only was it stupid, it totally didn't fit the characters. The only one I could see being excited about playing with the doll house was Phoebe
/////Season 3A Episode 20 Kate is the first woman Joey liked who doesn't like him back. Monica's and Ross' aunt Sylvia died and Monica inherits the dollhouse with which she was never allowed to play. Monica invites Phoebe to play with the dollhouse but doesn't let her play anymore when Phoebe brings out a dinosaur, a giant dog and a ghost. Phoebe makes her own dollhouse which is way cooler than Monica's. Chandler has a date with Rachel's boss Joanna and finds her really dull and boring. Joanna thinks they have chemistry and loves Rachel for introducing her to Chandler. Joey and Kate are together after rehearsing their scenes. Chandler doesn't want to call Joanna again but Rachel forces him because Joanna is driving her crazy asking about Chandler. Phoebe's dollhouse catches fire and is burned down. Kate doesn't want to be with Joey. Chandler doesn't have the courage to tell Joanna he doesn't want to see her again.
/////Season 3A Episode 20 Rachel's office outfit and all her other outfits are perfect! I love her shoulder-length hair and makeup, particularly the lipstick.

The dollhouse scenes were funny - it reminded me of the jealousy and playtime between girls as children. Phoebe brings out a giant dinosaur. Phoebe's dollhouse is super unique and cool. Monica's is Victorian and pretty.

Ross sees his sister in the shower to put out the fire in the dollhouse. Monica tries to explain the shower head 🚿 she was using.

The lead actress in Joey's play has really cute outfits - the white camisole with the dark, unbuttoned top with the polo collar and the pockets on both sides of the chest; the sailor looking outfit with navy and white horizontal top and blazer over it.
/////Season 3A Episode 20 This is one of those 'Friends' episode where actually the story line that makes up the title is actually the least interesting. Yes, Kudrow and Cox play out the dolls house stuff well, but apart from some nice visual gags, there's not much there.

Much more interesting was the Joey story line, and Matt Le Blanc proves that the character can be so much more than just a dim actor.

Matthew Perry not only looks healthier here, but is great in his story line involving Rachel's boss. This is the story with the most laughs in the episode.

Now the focus is less on Ross and Rachel 'Friends' has returned to being fun and less emotionally heavy, and is sometimes all the better for it.
/////Season 3A Episode 21 This is the great episode. We do get introduced to the chick and the duck, who are both very cute animals. And it brings out the great Joey/Chandler dynamics where they are taking care of the animals and it is portrayed as if it is their baby. Plus it gives a great message to the people about getting to know how to take care of animals first before getting them and that animals in shelters may get killed if they don't find a home. And Chandler is just great in the scene towards the end where he yells "This is a BAD duck!"

The story of Ross and Rachel is great as well. It is not only very funny to see Ross putting make up on Rachel but it again shows what a great person Ross is
/////Season 3A Episode 21 I really think it's a great episode, I see myself in the characters of this episode! A person who gives everything he has to win the heart of the one he loves, even if he is forced to lie, someone who dispenses something important to him to be next to someone he loves, someone who cares about other people's things more than them..My favorite episode so far
/////Season 3A Episode 21 The episode opens showing the girls outside the cafe rollerskating. Mon runs into Rachel and they collapse on to the floor. Joey comes out to see them in an awkwardly sexual-looking position with Mon on top.

Chandler and Joey adopt a chick and later on, Chandler picks up a duck. Chandler watches television and talks to the chick about the chicks on TV and he clearly finds Yasmine in the swimsuit attractive.

Monica refuses to benefit off of Pete because she does not like him romantically. Pete pretends he met someone else in Japan and the restaurant he is offering Mon is strictly business. He shows up at Monica's workplace with a tiny gift bag with two bottles from the hotel in Japan - Mon gets overly excited about them.

Ross and Rachel are talking again. Ross finds out Rachel is still hurting from the fall on her side and he attends to her needs despite having a televised appearance at the museum. Rachel wants him to turn around so he won't see her naked but Ross replies he can just close his eyes and remember her from their sexual past. Rachel starts taking off her robe to put on the dress and immediately closes it when Ross gives a reaction.
/////Season 3A Episode 21 After seeing chicks on television, Joey decides to buy one for him and Chandler. This leads to fights between them, so they decide to take it back, but end up adopting a duck too instead. Ross is supposed to be on television, on the Discovery Channel, but gives up the opportunity to help Rachel go to the hospital after she broke her rib. Pete is still in love in Monica, and he offers her a restaurant. She refuses at first, but they end up making out.
/////Season 3A Episode 21 This is a fun episode from late on in the show's third series.

It's the first we see of the chick and duck, and the scenes between Joey and Chandler as ever are the highlight of the episode for me.

The Pete and Monica story line continues, and it's nice to see Monica slowly being won over by the billionaire.

This episode also gives us a bit of hope that all might not be lost between Ross and Rachel, and I thought David Schwimmer in particular here gives a good performance.

A nice episode overall.
/////Season 3A Episode 22 In this episode the best is everything around Joey's play. I did like the premier night when the director reads the reviews from the paper. Joey gets all excited about the fact that his performance was said not to be the worst in the play, this was too funny. And the director really flips out because of the bad reviews. This was a great performance by Reg Rogers

The story with Rachel's screaming boyfriend was kind of amusing. It was fun to see Ben Stiller in this part. he is a good comedy actor and the ending where he yells at the chick and the duck is a great scene

And I also liked the end of the show when Phoebe breaks the phone and tells Monica what number to call for repair
/////Season 3A Episode 22 Phoebe stays the entire episode in the phone, trying to talk to the people from her phone's warranty.

Monica is dating Pete, the millionaire, and very happy with that fact. ( who wouldn't?)

Ross stays shocked when he sees Rachel's date, Tommy,specially after he realizes the guy is aggressive with people and a total maniac. He stays all night trying to show Rachel how horrible Tommy is, what makes his (Ross) date go away and left him.

Joey's play receives terrible reviews from the critics, and Kate, the actress that Joey is in love, wants to stay with Joey again after being dumped by the play's director.
/////Season 3A Episode 22 Why someone who would dislike the episode bc Ben Stiller is in it, just means he finished after getting a hard-on watching him.

Yup..hes a no talent un funny actor.

That's why his career is over 30 yrs long.
/////Season 3A Episode 22 Matt Le Blanc shines in this episode, reminding us all (if we even needed reminding) of how much heart Joey has. I loved the twist involving his play too - very clever.

Ben Stiller is the big name guest star in this episode, and although he doesn't really have to do much, he plays a fun part in the on going Ross and Rachel story line.

I didn't think much of the story line involving Lisa Kudrow, but I guess that's just personal preference.

This was a decent episode overall.
/////Season 3A Episode 22 This episode is where Joey makes a big stride with Kate by talking for hours at night. They go to Kate's home where there is a really beautiful scene where they look at each other with so much love.

Rachel's outfit at the very beginning with the white shoes and showing off her legs is cute. I also like her outfit and colour scheme in the cafe with her makeup and hair. Mon's orange dress and Rachel's tight outfit for Joey's play's party were beautiful.

Kate's outfit at the end with the pearl necklace is to die for.

Phoebe stays on the phone for hours trying to reach a number for warranty. Turns out it was a Utah number.
/////Season 3A Episode 22 Easy. Bring that stiller guy in as a guest. He, like his father, is less than funny. His whole act is making faces and yelling, like his father (RIP Jerry). Sorry but the guy makes me FF thru the scene every time it comes on.
/////Season 3A Episode 22 They all go to Joey's play together. Joey is bringing Kate, Ross is there with a date so Rachel has to get a date as well. Rachel turns up with her freaky date Tommy. Joey and the cast get really bad reviews for their performances and Joey finally gets the chance to be with Kate again. They stay up all night and talk. Rachel stops seeing Tommy because Ross was right and he really is a maniac. Kate leaves for a job in L.A.
/////Season 3A Episode 23 Phoebe is going out with two guys at the same time: Vince, the hot fireman, and Jason, the intelligent professor. She stays seriously in doubt about who she is going to choose to be her boyfriend,specially because she likes emotional guys, but also guys who are strong and take care of their bodies.(In other words: with a hot body!) To make things even worst to her, she discovers that Vince is very sensitive and Jason has an incredible body.

Monica thinks Pete will ask her in marriage, and gets disappointed when she discovers that the $50,000 paid in a ring designer,in fact means that Pete wants to become an Ultimate Fighting Champion.

Ross has a ''thing'' in his butt, and stays frightened with it. Since all the doctors he goes doesn't know what to do with the ''thing'' (even the doctor who removed Chandler's third nipple), he goes to Phoebe's herbalist, Guru Saj, who is the only one who really has success in helping Ross to remove the strange anomaly.
/////Season 3A Episode 23 The story about Ross's thing is pretty funny. I liked the scene where Joey said that it may get called after him and people will be saying, "Oh, he got the Ross...". And the scene at the Guru who finally removes it is pretty funny as well

The story about Phoebe dating two guys and trying to decide which one to stay with is not bad either. Especially good is the scene when they both meet each other and in the process of confrontation both leave her for different reasons

The idea about Pete wanting to become an ultimate fighting champion is great because one wouldn't expect it, so when it comes out it bis especially funny
/////Season 3A Episode 23 Ross has a "thing" on his butt and hopes to get it off even after medical professionals are unsure about what it is.

Monica thinks Pete will propose after Joey sees that Pete paid to make a ring.

Phoebe has two ongoing dates. One is a fireman and the other is a kindergarten teacher. She says the top qualities of each are the fireman has a great body and the teacher is sensitive. She prefers sensitivity and goes to break up with the fireman at his workplace only to discover his sensitivity from his reaction to the break up. She goes to the teacher's home to see him shirtless with a beautiful body and does not break up with him either. At the cafe both men come to see Phoebe singing and they get jealous of what Phoebe did for the other that she didn't do for him. They were accepting of the fact that their relationships with her were not exclusive but the teacher was upset she did not sleep with him when she did with the fireman. He leaves. The fireman is upset Phoebe had an open light in a wooded area and leaves.

Rachel's purse with the cherries dangling is so cute. Monica's dress when she is with Pete at his home to discover he wants to become an ultimate fighting champion is stunning. Rachel's face and outfits are cute.
/////Season 3A Episode 23 "Ross' Thing" is something on his derrière. He doesn't know what it is. Chandler doesn't know what it is. Joey doesn't know what it is. A large contingent of conventional doctors don't know what it is. So Phoebe sends him to Guru Saj, her herbalist, to figure out what it is. Guru Saj doesn't know exactly what it is, but solves the problem, not with medicine, conventional or otherwise. Meanwhile Pete mentions to Monica that he has something important to tell her. When Joey finds out that Pete has paid $50,000 to a ring designer, engagement ring comes to everyone's mind. Although Monica originally thinks she will say no if Pete asks her to marry him, the thought of saying yes becomes more and more appealing. However the question has to come first. On another dating front, Phoebe ends up dating two guys at the same time, Vince the beefy fireman, and Jason the sensitive kindergarten teacher. She likes them both for their obvious attributes. But when dating two guys at one time starts to be a little problematic.
/////Season 3A Episode 23 I can't say that this is one of my favourite episodes of 'Friends' as nothing really happens. All three of the story lines are mildly funny, but don't create that many laugh out loud moments.

Lisa Kudrow perhaps fares best in her story line, but even then there are lines in there that feel forced.

Joey and Chandler are given very little to do, and Matthew Perry again sadly looks unwell.

The big revelation about Pete will have an effect on the next episode.

Not a great episode overall.
/////Season 3A Episode 24 This episode starts oddly as it opens with the very shoehorned in cameo of Robin Williams and Billy Crystal, who were promoting their film 'Father's Day' which opened the next day. It would flop.

I enjoyed this episode much more than the one that preceded it. Yes, the whole 'Ultimate Fighting Champion' story is a bit naff, but the final scene between Monica and Pete makes up for it, as it's a lovely dramatic moment.

This episode is also building up to the series finale, and we learn that Rachel might not be as over Ross as she first thought.

Despite looking unwell Matthew Perry shines in his story line too.

A fun episode.
/////Season 3A Episode 24 Chandler is greatly appreciated by his boisterous boss Doug, but finds it unsettling to receive the highest praise in the form of systematical swatting of his posterior, to the point of its pain and his colleagues' envy. Millionaire Pete chose as his new challenge after business to 'conquer' the brutal martial art of Ultimate Fighting, but despite an expensive entourage his confidence is so obviously and utterly misplaced that Monica can't watch his physical pain and public humiliation, even makes a breaking point of his persistence. Rachel gave her blessing to Phoebe presenting Ross with her friend Bonnie as date, without realizing she's no longer eerily bold, in fact quite to Ross's taste.
/////Season 3A Episode 24 The best part of this episode is the butt slapping story of Chandler and his new boss. It is absolutely hilarious especially when other guys are jealous of it. And also when Chandler checks if it is normal by slapping Ross's butt. And also when at the end everyone is leaving the meeting room and gets a slap from their boss

I am kind of sad that Monica separated from Pete. This character could have been great for more story lines. And the break up doesn't make much sense to me too. If Monica cared so much about him she would have stayed on his side. I guess the actor just couldn't do more on the show, that would explain it

And the story with Rachel is the one most can connect to. Even though she doesn't want to be with Ross and wants him to be happy, it upsets her that he is happy so soon. Great point to make in a sitcom
/////Season 3A Episode 24 Pete decides to become an ultimate fighting champion, for Monica's despair. After having his first fight and stayed all hurt, Monica asks Pete to stop with this goal, but he refuses to listen to her.

Chandler stays angry with his boss, who has the strange and inconvenient habit of slap his butt all the time.

Phoebe introduces Bonnie to Ross,after having Rachel's consent. Rachel thought that Bonnie was bald, but in fact she is is very beautiful and with a lot of blond hair.(She was bald in the past) To make Rachel even more upset, Ross enjoyed Bonnie's company a lot.

Monica and Pete break up, since Monica cannot agree to see her boyfriend being beaten up all the time.
/////Season 3A Episode 24 It starts off with two guest celebrities talking about one's wife who may be cheating on him with her gynaecologist. He states the doctor has access to her.

Chandler dislikes how his boss constantly gives him a slap on the butt. Rachel declares that strange that the boss would praise him in that manner, saying how she wouldn't squeeze Monica's boob if she did a good job in cooking. Chandler says that no, instead you should rub your face in between them.

Rachel's outfits are cute. I like Rachel's red top and black pants outfit when she is outside the cafe with Phoebe, spying on Ross and the supposed bald girl. I aspire to have her body and waist.

Monica goes to watch Pete fight. She wears a cute outfit showing off her legs and wears a black jacket. Ross is with her on the sidelines.

In the end Monica breaks up with Pete because he refuses to stop pursuing this dream despite being injured 🤕. The friends gather on the couch to watch Pete fight and Ross states how funny it is that Mon wanted kids - she dated Richard who didn't want them and now it looks like Pete cannot have them.
/////Season 3A Episode 24 It's interesting to watch this episode in 2017 in the context of the "Me too" movement. The whole butt-slapping boss plotline would never get by today.
/////Season 3A Episode 24 The episode starts with Robin Williams and Billy Crystal popping in Central Perk. It was the best bit.

The second best bit was Monica's new boyfriend Pete (Jon Favreau) thinks he can be an Ultimate Fighting Champ despite having his butt repeatedly kicked. Pete is deluded enough to think he can bring his philosophy of succeeding in business to fighting. Either that or he was brain damaged from a punch.

Looking very much these days of sexual harassment. Chandler gets his butt repeatedly slapped by his boss. It has become so painful, he needs to put cream on it.

There were a few nice zingers that Friends is famous for. However at this stage, Matthew Perry looks too gaunt.
/////Season 3A Episode 25 Phoebe finds a woman who knew her parents and was a big friend of her mother Lilly. The name of her mother's friend is Phoebe. She lives at the beach, and since Phoebe has a client who has a house at the beach, she invites all Friends to go there with her. When she meets her mother's friend, she sees a suspicious picture in Phoebe's Sr. refrigerator, and she discovers that her mother's friend knows where her father is.

Rachel cannot stand Bonnie anymore, since she is jealous of Ross' relationship with her. When Bonnie go meet Ross at the beach' house,Rachel gives her the idea of shaving her head again.

Chandler insists to Monica that he would be a great boyfriend. Monica laughs all the time he mentions the word ''boyfriend'' to her.
/////Season 3A Episode 25 This episode is a fun way to end the third series of the show, with the door being left open for a Ross and Rachel reunion.

The Pheobe story line though important for the character overall isn't that funny, despite Lisa Kudrow giving her all as always.

I liked the Monica and Chandler scenes too, and it's interesting to look back at this episode knowing what happens with these characters later on.

I wouldn't say that this is the best episode of the show ever, but it is an improvement on a couple towards the end of series 3 and was enjoyable.
/////Season 3A Episode 25 Phoebe finds out about an old friend of her parents, Phoebe Sr., so she decides to go and ask her about her father. All the friends go to the beach together looking for her, but Ross's girlfriend Bonnie can't come. While Phoebe is away, Rachel flirts with Ross, Chandler tries to convince Monica that he is boyfriend material and Joey wants to get everyone to play strip poker. They end up playing strip Happy Days game. Phoebe Sr. doesn't know where Phoebe's father is, but she reveals to her that she is her biological mother. Rachel convinces Bonnie to shave her head and tells Ross about her feelings. He has to choose between the two girls.
/////Season 3A Episode 25 Phoebe goes with her friends to the beach house to meet old friend phoebe of her mother in hopes she will tell her where her father is. This leads to some great fun story. This Phoebe is a very special character and at the end she tells Phoebe an amazing secret

And it gets interesting between Rachel and Ross again. They have a conversation after Rachel convinces Bonnie to shave her head again. It is kind of sad to be reminded again that Friends are a shallow close minded, conservative crowd for whom a woman shaving her head is such a big deal. But the sad truth is that out of all of them Phoebe is the only one who didn't get brainwashed by the society. But this shallowness leads to something good. We get to hear a great dialogue between Ross and Rachel. And at the end we get a nice cliffhanger when Ross chooses whose room to go into and we don't know whose it is
/////Season 3A Episode 25 Rachel and Mon sit at the bar watching Ross and Bonnie. Rachel dislikes Bonnie talking about her sex life and all the men she slept with including in what countries. Joey loves it.

Phoebe invited the gang to the beach where she has a free stay from an acquaintance who is a strange male. She hopes to find answers about her parents.

There is sand indoors and the gang is bored. Phoebe closes her eyes and spins to come to Chandler and points. Chandler repeats what Joey suggested - strip poker.

They play strip poker with cards instead. They gang up on Joey to his boxers. Mon gets up and we see she stripped off her bottoms. She walks to Rachel in the kitchen making margaritas. Rachel is so beautiful in this particular scene - she gushes about the lovey atmosphere.

Bonnie arrives to the dismay of Rachel and the audience. She takes off her top to catch up and reveals a bra.

Ross and Bonnie come down the next morning having had sex the night before. The gang heard. Joey is asleep with sand shaped to make him have a mermaid's tail and breasts. Joey wakes up and likes the breasts.

Bonnie goes out in a black bikini top revealing everything. Rachel pushes her to shave her head. The gang is shocked to see her bald and the boys make comments. The moonlight is shining off her head and she does not have a single hair on her head.

Their beach outfits are cute.

We see Ross go upstairs to the bedrooms and enters the left one. We don't know if it is Rachel's or Bonnie's.
/////Season 4A Episode 1A If U need laughs, U are on the right place. Ross is just simple funniest guy ever saw in some sitcom. And most talented actor in this series.
/////Season 4A Episode 1A I love this episode. It's one of the funniest episodes of the series. Many things happen in this episode, that will just make you laugh so hard.

In this episode, everyone is still at the beach, following Season 3's Finale. Monica gets stung by a jellyfish and Chandler and Joey have to pee on her leg. Yes, gross. Don't worry, they don't actually show it. That would be weird. And gross. Phoebe finds out that her mother isn't really her birth mother. Phoebe, the woman she went to see, is. And Phoebe (normal Phoebe) is having a hard time adjusting to the fact that her mother and her grandmother lied to her. Ross accidentally falls asleep whilst reading Rachel's letter. And unknowingly takes full responsibility for their breakup. They get back together for a while, and then break up because he says that it wasn't all his fault. Even though it was.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10.
/////Season 4A Episode 1A Okay so yet again, another fantastic episode of the best programme ever! (IMO anyway!) One of the best parts in this episode is at the end when all the friends are in Monica and Rachel's apartment and they are discussing Monica's jellyfish sting - Joey says something about something he watched on the Nat.Geography channel (i think it's that programme =/ ] and Ross turns and says, 'Oh yeah the Geography channel, with the jellyfish an... ewwww!' when he realises that Joey must have peed on Monica! Then the girls turn and all chorus 'ewwww'! - hilarious! But for me the best line in this entire episode is at then end when Ross realises what he took responsibility for and Rachel tells him that it's definitely over between them (her and Ross) then as he storms out of the door she runs after him and shouts, 'just so you know, it's *not* that common, it *doesn't* happen to every guy and it *IS* a big deal!' Loved it!
/////Season 4A Episode 1A This was a fun episode to start of series 4 of 'Friends'.

Yes, the Phoebe story line isn't that funny, and I found Terri Garr as Phoebe's real Mum annoying, but apart from that this episode is strong, with the jellyfish story line being my favourite of the three. There are some great lines in it, especially from Courtney Cox.

The Ross and Rachel relationship restarts and then stops again, and while I agree with other reviews that Rachel is a bit annoying and out of line, these scenes are well played by Jennifer Aniston and David Schwimmer.

Series 4 is my favourite series of the show, and this got it off to a strong start.
/////Season 4A Episode 1A On of my favourite sitcom episodes involving jellyfish.
/////Season 4A Episode 1A The episode picks up exactly where the last one ended. Ross chose Rachel's room and they kiss. Ross breaks up with Bonnie. Phoebe learns that her real mother, her supposed mother and her father used to be together and Phoebe's real mother (also called Phoebe). Phoebe is mad at her for not trying to come find her before. Joey, Chandler and Monica are at the beach when Monica is stung by a jellyfish. Chandler had to pee on Monica's leg to relief her of the pain. Ross unintentionally takes full responsibility for everything that went wrong between him and Rachel. Phoebe's mum comes to apologize and to tell Phoebe she regrets giving her up as a baby. Ross and Rachel get into another fight because Ross says he doesn't believe he was the one who did anything wrong.
/////Season 4A Episode 1A Ross opens the bedroom door to find Rachel helping with Bonnie's bald scalp. Bonnie goes back to her bedroom. Ross tells Rachel he has to break up first and that by simply telling Bonnie he is not in the mood it leads to sex - she likes it.

Rachel gives Ross an 18-page letter which he does not read because he falls asleep. Rachel comes out in a yellow halter top and jeans - really cute outfit. She thinks over Ross's answer and her face looks pretty with her hair falling perfectly.

Monica, Chandler and Joey go to the beach. Monica is wearing a cute bikini top. She gets stung by a jellyfish. Joey has dug a hole. They decide to go with what Joey saw on the Discovery Channel about urine relieving jellyfish pain.

Phoebe goes to her family member's home and that is where the other Phoebe states that the three of them had a former threesome type of relationship. Phoebe storms out and declares she never wants to see her again.

Chandler looks different in this episode - more relaxed and plumper. Ross looks good with the stubble and broad shoulders.

Monica says that Chandler will always be the guy who peed on her.
/////Season 4A Episode 2A The One with the cat is one of the best episodes from season 4. Love how Ross explains how crazy it is that Phoebe thinks her mother is inside of the cat in spirit. Ross being the voice of reason seems to work here since all the other characters just let Phoebe believe that the cat is really her mother. However as good as this plot is I like how Joey and Chandler are trying to sell the entertainment unit better. Joey just does not want to get rid of the unit, unless of course he could get a "canoe" in exchange for it. Who can forget what happens when Joey gets into the entertainment unit "voluntarily". I do not want to give it away so you will have to see this episode to find out.
/////Season 4A Episode 2A Not funny at all. This phoebe character is annoying and not funny at all. Rachel is also becoming a real b!tch . And ross is not man enough and act like a little b!tch. Joey is becoming bumber and bumber . Only good character is Chandler.
/////Season 4A Episode 2A Phoebe finds a black cat that jumped in a guitar case and is convinced that it is her dead mom's reincarnation and takes it has her own. Ross thinks that Phoebe is mistaken and that is not her mother. The five tell Ross that he always has to be right and Ross denies it. Ross and Phoebe get in a big fight about the cat, that makes Phoebe really upset. In the mean time Monica has a date from a guy she used to go to high school with. When they are eating dinner she finds out that he still lives with his parents in their house and that he still works at the movie theater like he did in high school and Monica asked to be taken home!
/////Season 4A Episode 2A The only good part about this episode is the one about Chandler and Joey. Their dynamic is great and the story was pretty funny. I liked how they met the other roommate couple who seem to be so much like them and were trying to get rid of the canoe. And Joey's attempts to sell the entertainment center and how they ended were too good as well.

But the rest of the stories just annoyed me. Sure the one about Monica and Chip was made to give hope all the fat, ugly girls that one day they will be better off than the guys they had a crush on. But in my opinion Monica has no right to look down on him considering that she got lucky to get her apartment through her grandma and her job isn't so great either

The story about the cat was annoying as well. Sure, they needed to give the cat back, but Ross was insensitive. Your friend should always be more important than some child even if their beliefs are ridiculous. I am just glad he felt bad about it at the end
/////Season 4A Episode 2A I enjoyed this episode and thought it told three good stories.

Yes, the story with the cat is a bit airy fairy, even for Phoebe, but it's got its heart in the right place, and I always enjoy story lines that put Phoebe and Ross together a little more.

The character of Monica is changing too, and it's nice to see Courtney Cox being given more to play than just the mother hen figure.

The stand out story line for me though is the one involving Joey and Chandler. Matt Le Blanc and Matthew Perry's chemistry was so great, and this series sees them at their brilliant best.

A fun episode overall, with some very funny moments.
/////Season 4A Episode 2A I love this episode. It's so funny and has real issues involved. Such as getting robbed or thinking your dead parent is inside a cat. That's right, you read right.

In this episode, a cat wonders into Central Perk. Phoebe picks up the cat and believes that it is her deceased mother. She takes the cat home with her and cares for it. But when Ross finds out that the cat is actually a little girl's cat, who is lost, he tries to convince everyone to tell her. But nobody wants to. For once, I agree with Ross. Little girl misses her cat or grown lady thinks her mum is in a cat. What would you choose? Eventually they tell her and Phoebe feels very sad. Meanwhile, Joey tries to sell the entertainment unit and way overprices it. Chandler convinces to make it cheaper and when someone comes to look at it, they say they don't have the $50.00, but they could trade it for a canoe. Chandler, obviously says no. Later, when Joey is alone trying to sell it, he tells a potential buyer that it could fit a grown man inside it. The man doesn't believe Joey, so Joey's get inside the unit. The man then locks him in and steals all of his stuff. Chandler lets him out and Joey is shocked because the man said he wouldn't take their chairs. He did. Chandler can't believe that Joey voluntarily got inside the unit. Poor Joey, it's not his fault. Well, it is, but still.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10.
/////Season 4A Episode 2A Chandler comes out of his bedroom to rip his blazer because of the furniture built by Joey. They try to sell it.

Rachel comes in with a cute black purse and tight top and skirt combo. Her dark shoes are cute.

Ross looks handsome with his broad shoulders and height. His face is getting more mature.

Monica gets super excited like a teenage girl over Chip wanting to ask her out.

Rachel wears a tank top and brown pants outfit that is pretty.

The cutest cat came into the cafe to Phoebe's guitar case. It is sooooooo cute!!! Phoebe thinks it is her mom reincarnated.

This episode was dedicated to the memory of Kauffman.
/////Season 4A Episode 2A Great story. I laughed from the beginning to the end. We have a great surprise in this episode that continues on the following others. This and the 15th are the best episodes of the 4th season.
/////Season 4A Episode 2A A cat walks into Central Perk and Phoebe is convinced that it is her mother's reincarnation. Joey and Chandler agree to sell the entertainment center. People come to look at it and Joey gets locked into it by a guy who then steals all their other furniture. Monica goes on a date with Rachel's ex from high school Chip. He is still very cute but he still lives with his parents and still works at the movie theater as he did in high school. The friends find an ad from a little girl who lost the cat. Ross and Phoebe fight about the cat but Phoebe agrees to take her "mum" back to the girl in the end. Joey and Chandler trade the entertainment center for a canoe.
/////Season 4A Episode 3A Probably the best and funniest of Mathew Perry's performance in any episode of Friends. "Hello sweet pants!"
/////Season 4A Episode 3A Matthew Perry is a great comedic actor, and this shines through in this fourth series episode of 'Friends'. His delivery of lines is impeccable, his use of physical comedy is great, and his story line makes up for the Monica/Phoebe one that I didn't find that funny.

Matt Le Blanc also does well with his story line, in which he is the only 'Friend' present. I think David Schwimmer must have been filming something else at the same time, because he barely features in this episode, which although a shame, at least gives us some respite from the Ross/Rachel on goings.

A great example of the talent that is Matthew Perry.
/////Season 4A Episode 3A Now this is another great episode. All three story lines are great.

The one about Chandler handcuffed in the Joanne's office is just perfect. Matthew Perry's acting is great including all his mimic and gestures. The dialogue is awesome and I really liked the dynamic between Rachel and Chandler when they were arguing as well as how it all ended

The story of Monica was pretty sweet. I liked how well they could make a story that can make one feel sad for Monica and that is funny at the same time.

And the story of Joey's encyclopedias is lots of fun as well, i must say i also love the new furniture in their house
/////Season 4A Episode 3A I really love this episode. I really do. I think it's just so funny and it has touching moments throughout.

In this episode, Monica is catering a party for her Mother, with the help of Phoebe. Monica tries desperately to get her Mother to stop being so critical. I find it really unfair, the way Monica's Mother treats her. I just always find myself saying, "Shut up and worry about your own life!". Anyway, let's continue. Everything is going relatively okay, but when Monica loses one of her fake nails in the quiche, then she gets worried. She has to admit to her Mother and then the frozen lasagnas come out. That's right. Her Mother thought she'd screw up somehow. Monica refuses to serve something that she didn't make, so she cooks up something delicious and proves her Mother wrong. Meanwhile, Chandler sleeps with Rachel's boss and Rachel demands that he breaks it off. When he doesn't and is with the boss in her office, he gets handcuffed to a chair and left there. He tries to get Rachel to let him out and eventually has to offer her something. But it doesn't work. Since Rachel realizes that if she lets him out, Joanne, the boss, would know that she was in her office and potentially get fired. So Rachel tells the girls that Chandler is, well, let's say, well endowed, in return for staying put. But the rumour gets blown when Joey says he isn't.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10.
/////Season 4A Episode 3A Monica tries to avoid criticism when she caters a party for her mother. Chandler ends up half naked and handcuffed to a chair in Rachel's boss's office. Joey tries to get educated from a salesman trying to sell him a set of encyclopedias. Joey reads the entire volume of an encyclopedia which is really funny.
/////Season 4A Episode 3A Chandler is in their new canoe as Joey comes in with used patio furniture. Rachel comes in with a white top and nude skirt for juice at the guys' place.

Chandler gets asked if he broke up with Rachel's boss - the boss walks from the washroom to the bedroom in a towel, greeting Rachel.

Monica is trying to impress her mom and to stop her from saying "pulling a Monica" which traumatizes her. She has a void to fill from her mother being unimpressed throughout her life.

Chandler tried to break up with the boss but has sex instead in her office. She cuffs him to her chair and leaves, saying knowing Chandler is there waiting for her arouses her.

Chandler buzzes on the intercom for Rachel and she gets the key behind the door to unlock him. She realizes this may make her boss unhappy and attempts to lock him up to the chair. As Chandler is pulling away she ends up chaining him to the filing cabinet.

Rachel makes a deal with Chandler after numerous offers - she will tell the gang about his dick size - she can make this positive or negative depending on Chandler's response. She persuades by saying he will have a bigger size than an actor she names.

The girls giggle and murmur positively as Chandler comes into the cafe. He kisses Rachel on the forehead. Joey and Ross wonders what is going on and Phoebe whispers for a few seconds, telling them. The guys says he does not have a big dick.
/////Season 4A Episode 4A I really like the part about ballroom dancing! Mike Hagerty is doing a great performance as Mr. Treeger and the idea is pretty good too. Seeing Joey dancing with him is just adorable and hilarious. Especially at the end on the roof. I also liked Rachel, who didn't have a big but a pretty funny part at the end

The story of Phoebe is pretty good too. So very Phoebe-like. How she even bites the guy on the butt and at the end just tells at the interview the reason for why she got fired

Ross and Chandler take us to the situation that most of us know: quitting the gym and closing the bank account, and this gives us some funny moments
/////Season 4A Episode 4A I really like this episode. It's very good. Every time the title comes up on my DVD, I get a bit disappointed, but then I remember everything else that happens and I'm happy.

In this episode, Joey says things to Mr. Treeger, the building manager, that ends up getting Rachel and Monica almost evicted. He was going to evict him, but Joey agreed to do something, to get him to let it slide. And it's pretty weird. Joey must practice ballroom dancing with him, for the Super Ball, the superintendent ball. Meanwhile, Phoebe gets a crush on one of her clients, which sadly, ends not too good. In fact, she gets fired. And Chandler tries to quit the gym, so Ross goes with him for moral support and because Chandler believes that he can't quit on his own. He's right. But he can't even quit with Ross's help. Because Ross gets roped into joining the gym, by an attractive woman. So, they decide to close their bank accounts and the same thing happens.

Overall, I give this episode a 9 out of 10.
/////Season 4A Episode 4A Monica tells Rachel to throw out the empty carton and pizza box in the chute outside. Rachel is wearing a cute denim button-down with a skirt. She struggles to use the chute and turns around to leave the pizza box halfway in but the maintenance guy is still right behind her. She goes back crying.

Joey offers to confront the guy for making a girl cry. But the maintenance guy threatens to get the girls evicted for illegally using Monica's grandmother's apartment.

Phoebe tells the gang that at work she has a really good looking client that she wants to do things to. Before leaving the girls notice her new ankle bracelet and pedicure. Ross notices the toe ring.

At work the baseball player is faced down and compliments Phoebe on her pretty feet.

Joey goes back to the maintenance guy to apologize and offers to do anything to not get the girls evicted. The guy wants Joey to be his practice dancing partner.

Chandler wants to quit the gym but cannot because of a lycra-covered woman. Ross offers to go and Chandler is told of the new Swedish spa he would be missing out on. Chandler is firm on quitting so at the gym the woman is introduced. Her name is Maria and she wears a very sexy high-legged bodysuit showing off her hips.

Chandler and Ross decide to try closing their bank accounts but another beautiful woman prevents them from doing so.

Joey becomes the guy's dancing partner and his role is the female's. He goes back to the apartment where Monica and Rachel are. Monica asks hilariously, "How was it? Gay yet?".

Phoebe admits to the baseball player she has a crush on him. They start kissing but then the baseball player says he just realized he is naked. They proceed anyways until Phoebe's boss comes in. Phoebe is fired.
/////Season 4A Episode 4A The superintendent makes Rachel cry because he is upset about them clogging the trash shoot. Chandler is a member at the gym even though he doesn't go but he can't quit because the dreamy spandex girl always changes his mind. The superintendent wants to throw out Monica and Rachel because Monica has been illegally subletting the apartment. Phoebe has a crush on her client Rick but she would get fired for fooling around with him. Ross goes to the gym with Chandler to give him courage to quit. But when Maria appears Ross can't say no to a membership. Joey goes to convince the superintendent not to kick our Monica and Rachel. In turn for that favour Joey will help the superintendent practice dancing for the superintendents' ball. They have the great idea to close their accounts at the bank so the gym can't charge them. Joey begins to enjoy the ballroom dancing. Phoebe and Rick make out. Phoebe finds out that Rick is married and also gets fired because her boss caught them kissing.
/////Season 4A Episode 4A The title of this episode makes it seem a lot duller than it actually is, but it's certainly a 'Friends' episode worth watching.

I didn't think much of the Lisa Kudrow story line, despite her best efforts to make it work. As is so often the way with the show, two of the stories work, the other doesn't.

Having not been able to dance in a previous episode, Joey here apparently is perfectly placed to help Mr. Treeger with his ballroom dancing. That's a nice bit of continuity out the window then. To be fair to Matt Le Blanc, he plays the scenes well.

The best story line though is Chandler trying to quit the gym, with Ross's help. Full of good lines, this is Matthew Perry at his best.
/////Season 4A Episode 5A I really love this episode. It's so funny and hilarious, even though those words practically mean the same thing.

In this episode, Phoebe gets a new singing voice courtesy of her cold. She loves the way it sounds and then is devastated when the cold goes away. She even tries to catch a cold from her friends. Meanwhile, Joey's new girlfriend, Kathy, gets hit on by Chandler, accidentally. He didn't know they were dating. Then, Chandler starts to fall for Kathy which makes things awkward. Also, Ross and Rachel try to get back at each other by dating new people. But, I don't really care about their aspect of the episode.

Overall, I give this episode a 9 out of 10.
/////Season 4A Episode 5A I really liked the Rachel and Ross story where they try to show each other how happy they are in their "new relationships". The guy Rachel dates is quite a character, still in college, steals from her etc. And Ross's "girlfriend" as it turns out just considers him her babysitter! Pretty funny idea. And the way they talk to each other all the time to show off is hilarious. Especially when they do it when the other one isn't around and Monica has to tell them

And it nice to see this kind of a story about Joey and Chandler. A little bit of complication in their perfect friendship that makes us wonder what will happen next
/////Season 4A Episode 5A Chandler falls in love with Kathy, a woman he saw at the bar in the cafe who is Joey's new gf. Ross and Rachel find new dates to go up against the other. Ross finds out he is actually a babysitter while the woman is going out on a date dressed in a really pretty see-through top with a black bra. Chandler joins Joey and Kathy for dinner and Kathy points out a woman whose underwear you can see. She is really beautiful with dirty blonde hair. At the end we hear Joey and his gf giggling. Joey comes out covering his penis asking Chandler to turn down the television.
/////Season 4A Episode 5A Ross is trying to make Rachel jealous by going out with a girl called Amanda. Chandler hits on Joey's new girlfriend Kathy he hadn't met before and they find out they have a lot on common. Phoebe has a cold and has a new and very sexy bluesy voice. Rachel tries to make Ross jealous by going out with a weird guy called Josh. Chandler is in love with Kathy. Ross's date with Amanda because Amanda goes out with another guy and thought Ross was coming over to babysit her son. Joey thinks Chandler doesn't like Kathy and asks him to make an effort to be nice to her. Monica talks some sense into Ross and Rachel and they stop pretending as if they found love in other relationships.
/////Season 4A Episode 5A Series 4 of 'Friends' is probably my favourite of the 10, and this is in part due to the 'Cathy' story line, which really stretches and tests the Joey/Chandler relationship.

It also allows Matthew Perry to play some dramatic moments too, and this shows a new side of his character of Chandler.

Lisa Kudrow is funny in her story line of Phoebe being sick, and then trying to get sick again.

Even Ross and Rachel were funny again after some quite series episodes focusing on this break up.

A funny and poignant episode.
/////Season 4A Episode 6A The story with the dirty girl was very funny. Watching Ross was just too hilarious. The scene of them making out on the couch while Ross was all horrified from the dirt around him was brilliant. Although I did feel sad for the rat :(. And it is also great how Monica comes over at the end.

It is also interesting to watch the Chandler/Joey/Kathy story developing. A really great job is done here to make it both funny and at the same time feel bad for Chandler and worry about what will happen next.

Monica's and Phoebe's catering is pretty good too. Although I never really buy it when Monica can't fight for herself
/////Season 4A Episode 6A The gang watches from inside as Ross says bye to his very beautiful blonde gf. She is a doctoral candidate for pale-ontology. She might be even considered prettier than Rachel.

Monica looks so good in the pants she wears. Monica gets a job as a caterer for a funeral as Phoebe offers to help her with 500 dollars to get the supplies. The widow cries when Mon asks for payment but Phoebe sees the woman singing and acting jolly. She tells Mon she is sick of people not paying when they should and she gets them their payment.

Ross is invited inside Cheryl's apartment and it is disgusting.

Ross tells Joey about it and Joey says he is just going to have to have sex in the mess.

The next time Ross goes inside and Cheryl disappears for a few minutes. She comes out with a sexy top and same bottoms she wore. They start making out and it gets hot but then Ross touches disgusting things.

Mon goes to Cheryl's and hilariously says she couldn't sleep thinking about the uncleanliness and asks if she can clean for her.
/////Season 4A Episode 6A Chandler has gone to extreme trouble to get Kathy the ideal birthday gift, a special edition of her favorite book; Ross points out he can't totally outdo her boyfriend Joey - who didn't even plan to give her anything - so he must get an even cooler gift. Phoebe tells Monica not to turn down a major funeral catering event for lack of equipment and advances the money, but wants it straight back before there's nearly enough profit; so they become active business partners - which proves good, as their first client, a widow, would never have paid without Phoebe's street persistence. Ross' foxy girlfriend Cheryl's flat turns out to be sloppier than a bachelor frat room, and yet she says his place has a weird smell. He is just relieved when the creeping creature he kills in disgust is not her hamster, but 'just a rat'. Since Joey can't find anything better than a pen annex clock, Chandler lets him give the 'Velveteen Rabbit'; fortunately Kathy guesses the truth.
/////Season 4A Episode 6A I really like this episode. It's got so many fun aspects. It's just a great, fun-loving episode.

In this episode, Monica and Phoebe decide to become business partners, in a catering business, that is. They decide this after Phoebe helps Monica cater a funeral, where the widow tries to get out of paying the bill. The rude woman acts very sad in front of them, and then goes off, singing and dancing in the other room. How rude is that? Seriously, just don't even get me started. But thanks to Phoebe's persistence, the woman finally pays. Meanwhile, it's Kathy's birthday, Joey's new girlfriend. Since Chandler has a little thing for her, he also gets her a gift, but it completely outshines Joey's, so Chandler trades, even though Kathy eventually figures it out. Also, Ross's new girlfriend seems perfect until he goes to her apartment and finds out that she's a total slob. He even tries to clean the apartment without her knowing. I don't know how he got one, but I didn't write the show.

Overall, I give this episode a 7 out of 10.
/////Season 4A Episode 6A The Joey/Chandler/Kathy story line continues in this episode, and it's so wonderful to see the boys friendship being tested, with Matthew Perry and Matt Le Blanc playing the scenes beautifully. There's some wonderful lines throughout it, and it's great to see Perry being able to play slightly more dramatic scenes.

I didn't much care for the Monica/Phoebe story line, but that's personal preference.

There isn't really much to the Ross story line, other than it presents an opportunity for David Schwimmer to show what a good physical comedian he is.

The Joey/Chandler story stole the show.
/////Season 4A Episode 7A I love this episode. It's so funny. I love the Joey/Chandler relationship, and it becomes really real in this episode. The audience goes through something we've never been through before, kind of betrayal, and anger towards the one who betrayed you.

In this episode, Joey goes on a date with someone who isn't his girlfriend. Chandler accidentally sees Joey's girlfriend, Kathy, naked and he's being tortured, because he thinks she likes him too. Eventually, Chandler and Kathy kiss. Feeling guilty, Chandler buys lots of furniture and appliances for Joey, but it turns out that Joey hadn't lost interest in Kathy. Kathy breaks up with Joey and Chandler finds the courage to tell him about their kiss. Joey feels betrayed, obviously. Meanwhile, Phoebe finds out that Ross played keyboard in college and insists on hearing some of his songs. They're terrible and everyone except Phoebe and Ross can tell. Phoebe convinces him to play at Central Perk, but it just makes everyone leave the café.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Freaking Ridonkulous.
/////Season 4A Episode 7A This is one of my favourite 'Friends' episodes, probably because it features the Joey/Chandler relationship heavily.

There's so much going on between them in this episode, with Kathy being the wedge in between. Both Matthew Perry and Matt Le Blanc play the scenes with such skill that it's a joy to watch.

The other story lines pale in comparison really, though David Schwimmer's Ross playing the keyboard (and I use the word 'play' loosely) is quite fun.

A really strong episode from a strong fourth series of the beloved sitcom.
/////Season 4A Episode 7A Chandler tells everyone he just saw Joey's gf naked when he went to the bathroom. Her skin is all smooth.

Joey gets a girl's number and Chandler gets excited thinking things are done with his gf. But no, its just that Joey will have dinner with this girl first and then his gf. Chandler says he must be unfulfilled having sex with a line of beautiful women.

Joey calls saying he will be late because of his car transmission.

Chandler has Baywatch on and tells the duck that they have firm and juicy breasts too. Joey's gf comes in and eventually they kiss.

Chandler has bought a ton of new stuff for their apartment out of guilt. Joey is excited about the TV - it appears out of no where - that is the dream!

The gang tells Chandler if he had told Joey beforehand Joey would have been fine with it.

Joey says that he broke up with his gf and Chandler tells him he likes Kathy. Joey accepts and says that its because he told him first. Chandler admits last night they did stuff and Joey asked if they slept together. Chandler said no just only kissed and Joey says that is worse.

Joey storms out angry at Chandler.
/////Season 4A Episode 7A Chandler sees Kathy naked and feels like he is being tortured because he thinks she likes him too. Joey has a date with a different girl and Chandler sees his chance to talk Joey out of seeing Kathy anymore. Phoebe hears that Ross used to play the keyboard and has his own sound. Ross' "sound" is just a serious of feature sounds like ringing bells, glass crashing, helicopter sounds... Everybody hates it except Phoebe who makes Ross play his "music" in public. Kathy cuts Chandler's hair and they kiss. Chandler says they have to forget their feelings for each other for Joey's sake but Kathy can't do it. Ross plays at Central Perk and the place empties. Chandler buys new furniture for him and Joey and Chandler learns that Joey hasn't lost interest in Kathy but wants to make their relationship even stronger. Phoebe doesn't want to play music anymore because she thinks she could never measure up to Ross so Ross gives up his music for Phoebe. Chandler tells Joey that he kissed Kathy.
/////Season 4A Episode 8A It seems that Thanksgiving episodes of Friends are the best ones. There is pretty much everything perfect in this one. The best part is of course the Joey and Chandler story. It is an absolutely perfect ending to their fight. Joey sentences Chandler to sit in the box all night to do some thinking, just like he did when he got locked in the entertainment centre. This is a crazy idea which makes it so much fun, and the ending, where Kathy comes to say good bye to him and he doesn't reply because Joey didn't want him to talk and his friendship means so much to Chandler, is absolutely sweet

It is also fun to see Monica trying to hook up with Richard's son. I am glad it was just a one episode thing though, I wouldn't like them together.

And special mention is to Rachel showing all the things she kept that meant a lot to her, including a museum bone. I was one of the funniest parts of the episode for me
/////Season 4A Episode 8A I love this episode. It is one of my all-time favorite episodes. Not just from Season 4, but from the entire series. It's one of the best Thanksgiving episodes, and it really is just fantastic.

In this episode, it's Thanksgiving, and as always, Monica is hosting Thanksgiving dinner. Since Joey is still made at Chandler for kissing Kathy, he says that the only way he'll forgive him is if he spends the day in a large box. Not speaking, not communicating with anyone. So Chandler gets in the box. But when Kathy comes to break up with him, because she feels guilty about breaking their friendship, Joey forgives Chandler and tells him to chase after her. Meanwhile, Monica gets ice in her eye and has to go see an eye doctor, but doesn't want to at first because her eye doctor is her ex-boyfriend, Richard. But they tell her she can see the on-call doctor, who turns out to be Richard's son.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Freaking Ridonkulous.
/////Season 4A Episode 8A As with a few episodes in the fourth series the other story lines pale in comparison to the one involving Joey and Chandler.

Yes, the story line involving Monica's new eye doctor being Richard's son has some laughs in it, but nothing really tops the hurt that Joey feels, or the longing to make up for it that Chandler feels, despite badly wanting to be with Kathy. The scenes are expertly played by Matt Le Blanc and Matthew Perry.

The fourth series of 'Friends' was such a strong one, partly because it had so much going on from start to finish, and this was a good Thanksgiving episode.
/////Season 4A Episode 8A Monica gets use in her eye and has to go to the eye doctor where she sees Timothy Burke, Richard's son. He is so handsome.

Monica invites him to their Thanksgiving dinner. Timothy and Monica are on the balcony and he helps Monica get her jacket on.

At the end the gang watches from the balcony looking for Chandler and Cathy.
/////Season 4A Episode 8A Chandler tries to earn Joey's forgiveness by lying in a wooden box for six hours. Monica accidentally gets ice in her eye and her doctor turns out to be Richard's son and it's discovered Rachel exchanges the gifts she received in the past.
/////Season 4A Episode 9A The guys are excited to meet and party with Gandalf but he ends up being stuck in Chicago. Joey does not get why they were so excited and tells them they can do it better together. Joey reminds them of the one time he took them to see strippers. Joey replies to Chandler that he had sex in high school.

The guys decide not to go to clubs and drink. They are 29 now and so what if they would rather stay at home?

Rachel wants the buyer's assistant position but is belittled by her boss at the interview implying she flirts and binge drinks. Her boss apologized to her and to get Rachel to not quit she offers the Buyer's Assistant right in this department for Rachel.

Monica and Phoebe get a van for their catering business and Monica gets a job as a food critic. Alessandro's receives a bad review and the owner comes to the apartment. Monica gives him a taste of her cooking and he offers her the position of head chef.
/////Season 4A Episode 9A Phoebe and Monica get a van for their catering business. Rachel applies for a job as assistant buyer. An old friend and party wizard wants to visit Ross and Chandler. They are excited like two small children and can hardly sit still but the friend cancels their reunion. Monica wrote her first review and the owner of the restaurant comes to complain about it. Joanna doesn't want to lose a good assistant as Rachel and makes Rachel look bad at the interview for the new job. Rachel wants to quit but Joanna offers her the position of assistant buyer in Joanna's department. Ross and Chandler are depressed because they wanted to party with their friend so Joey offers to take them to party. Monica shows the owner of the bad restaurant how to make a sauce and he wants her as head chef. Joey, Chandler and Ross are out partying but realize they have become adults and are too tired after a few clubs and didn't like it much. Phoebe is really upset because Monica will leave their business.
/////Season 4A Episode 9A I don't think this episode is as bad at the other reviewers have made out. OK, so it's not the strongest half hour of 'Friends' ever, but it has some decent laughs in it.

I thought the Rachel story line was pretty funny and well played by Jennifer Anniston, and Monica and the restaurant owner wasn't half bad either.

I'm glad the Monica/Phoebe catering business ideas got dropped, it wasn't funny to start with.

I know the boys partying story has got some flak, but there are some good lines in there.

I personally think it's an underrated episode.
/////Season 4A Episode 9A This really is one of the worst Friends episodes, I always hated it and will probably never watch it again.

So they are 29 and too old to enjoy partying? Puuuhleeze. Yes, when one gets older one doesn't party as often, but one can still have real fun. It is just that some people never were able to party to begin with. I am sure pretty much all of the characters were like that. There is no way I believe that Ross ever partied hard. And now that they became even lamer than they were we should believe that this is normal for adults? Whatever

I also don't like that Phoebe and Monica didn't do their catering business. It had more potential for fun episodes. Plus it would be better for both of them when it would really take off. But of course Monica is too selfish and not very good at thinking

The story with assistant buyer was pretty lame too. yes, as if i will believe that she was such a great assistant that Joanna would create a position for her. The only good part of it all was Sophie at the end
/////Season 4A Episode 9A This episode disrespects Lebanese culture and food considering they have one of the BEST dishes in the world
/////Season 4A Episode 9A This is episode could be with no doubt the worst episode of friends, very depressive, no smart jokes, and presence of anti Lebanese racist remarks, and the person chosen to play the role of the Lebanese restaurant owner "Taylor Negron" gives a very poor performance, and the most stupid part comes from the script, where it says that a LEBANESE man has an Italian restaurant, while it is widely known that the Lebanese gastronomy is one of the best in the world and the LEBANESE food Chains are the most successful in the USA. The other racist part is the script written for the Mexican staff of the restaurant who are portrayed by the writes as bad vindictive persons. It also contains a very opportunistic values, where Rachel accepts the deviant behavior of her boss, and tries in the end to blackmail her in order to advance in the post, and the episode ends with the death of the both , that is presented as ... a joke.
/////Season 4A Episode 10 First of all, the Ross story line was dull. No real plot to it, and no real laughs.

I always like story lines that put Joey and Monica together, and thought that the one in this episode worked well. Matt Le Blanc was pretty much the straight man to the neurotic Monica and it was funny.

There was also some big laughs and equally some sweet moments in the Rachel/Chandler story line, as Chandler tried to fix Rachel up. Of all three of the stories this was the one that worked the best for me.

A solid episode of the show in my opinion.
/////Season 4A Episode 10 Only in the 4th season. Seems like/I thought it was deeper into the series.

A fun episode. They haven't destroyed the characters yet.

Love Fred Stoller here...and even Jamie Keilar too.

Great episode about nothing. Enjoyable entertainment to shut my brain off and just watch some junk food.
/////Season 4A Episode 10 Ross meets an amazing girl from Poughkeepsie on the train. Rachel hates to be alone around the festive season. She doesn't necessarily need a real relationship but would love to have a fling. Monica is still being picked on at the restaurant. Chandler promised Rachel to fix her up with someone from work and the guys at work all suck up to Chandler because they want to go out with Rachel. Monica hires Joey only to fire him again to show the others at the restaurant who the boss is. Ross can't decide between the girl from Poughkeepsie and another girl who isn't as fun but lives in the city. Rachel goes out with a guy named Patrick and really liked him but is furious when she finds out that Chandler told everyone she was looking for a fling. Joey refuses to be fired because he makes so much money with the tips he gets. Ross decides to break up with both women because he is so exhausted from seeing the one in Poughkeepsie and doesn't really like the other one.
/////Season 4A Episode 10 Monica is upset the kitchen staff still hates her. She shows them her hat with the writing they did. Her eyes looked so beautiful though when she put on the hat - they sparkled.

Chandler mentions a director who intentionally used one person and fired them in front of everyone to show who is boss. Joey offers to take that role.

Chandler goes up to a man at work asking if he is interested in going on a date with Rachel. Another man overheard and asks if it is the same beautiful Rachel he saw at that party. Men all want Rachel.

Ross takes the train to meet the girl from Poughkeepsie but is asleep when the train arrives. The beautiful woman attempts to wake Ross up by pounding on the window.

Ross wakes up in Montreal where a stunningly beautiful short-haired blonde is sitting next to him. Her eyes sparkle. She lives in Nova Scotia.

Chandler asks Rachel if she is interested in a Canadian hockey team he got tickets for.
/////Season 4A Episode 10 This episode is a great improvement from the previous one but still pretty mediocre. There is nothing very funny or interesting in it.

The story about Ross dating a girl that lives far was just not very fun. There wasn't much happening. It is one of the stories that I forget right away and don't remember the episode existed.

Same goes for the story of Chandler hooking up Rachel with his co workers. Although it did make me chuckle a few times When it comes to Monica's story I just enjoyed the parts when she was harassed by the people who work in the restaurant. She deserved it. She sure isn't a good person as she claims to be. She is egoistic and arrogant but at the same time has no balls to fight for herself, this is what her kind of people usually are like
/////Season 4A Episode 11 This is anther one of the brilliant episodes. Pretty much everything in it is absolutely great done

The main story is one of the best. It is very original and fun how Phoebe agrees to carry her brother's child and promises a lot of great stories connected to it in the future. Finally Phoebe got such a story. She is a character with a lot of potential. She is very sweet, fun, clever, original, outgoing and not held down by social rules. So when they come up with such an outrageous idea it is meant to be a winner

Monica and Rachel teaching Chandler how to be great at sex is an awesome story too. I wish I could see Monica's drawing, maybe I could learn something,lol

Ross's and Joey story was also great. The part where everyone takes off the coat and says something about himself almost makes me cry from laughing
/////Season 4A Episode 11 My absolute most favorite episode of all time! I still laugh at this one no matter how many times I see it. How Courtney Cox did not earn an Emmy on this one alone still baffles me.
/////Season 4A Episode 11 First of all, I don't really agree with the girl who left the previous comment! Well, yeah, the character of Phoebe can be annoying, rude, even sometimes stupid; but she happens to be the integral part of the show exactly because of that! She amuses the audience with her behaviour - that's her job! In one episode Rachel says that she thinks Phoebe would probably be the first to leave the group, and she's right! Phoebe isn't normal, and they are all aware of it, but why wouldn't they want to be her friend? I think that in the first season she said something like this: "There are tree things you should know about me: my friends are the most important thing in my life, I never lie, and I make the best '...' cookies in the world!" Becides, she is funny, and interesting, and even though she can sometimes be annoying and rude and stupid, I love her, and I also love Lisa Kudrow who did the part perfectly... And about the episode, I thought it was fairly good...
/////Season 4A Episode 11 Phoebe's brother Frank and Alice got married. They were trying to get pregnant but it didn't work out. They ask Phoebe if she could bear their baby. Joey gets a job as a tour guide at Ross' museum. The friends want Phoebe to think it through before she makes the decisions about having Frank's and Alice's child. Things are going really well for Kathy and Chandler but they haven't had sex because Chandler is afraid he won't be able to fill Joey's shoes. Joey is a terrible tour guide. Phoebe goes to see her mother to ask whether she should have the baby or not. Her mother tells her not to do it because she knows how hard it is to give up a baby. Joey realizes that he can't be friends with Ross at work because tour guides and scientists don't mix. Chandler sleeps with Kathy but it wasn't great and he asks Rachel and Monica for advice on good sex. Ross proves his friendship to Joey by having lunch with him at work. Ross and Joey set a good example and all the others at work stop dividing.
/////Season 4A Episode 11 Phoebe congratulate her brother and his new wife on getting eloped. They have been trying to get pregnant since they were engaged and seen numerous doctors but cannot get pregnant. The wife is older. The brother says the doctor said they have to take his sperm and her egg and put it in another girl. He wants Phoebe to be the girl.

Ross got Joey a job at the museum as a tour guide. Joey finds out though that during lunch the white lab coats and blue blazers sit separately. Gift shop ppl are not invited to sit with the blue blazers. A black woman yells at one of her former classmates to see if he would pay attention to her and like she said, he didn't despite being clearly able to hear.

Phoebe visits her mom who thinks the surrogacy is a bad idea and gives Phoebe a pug puppy for three days. The pug shakes its little head frequently and it is so cute.

Chandler has not had sex with his girlfriend yet and it is because he is worried about not being able to perform as well as Joey. They share a wall and he can hear.

Monica and Rachel sit with Chandler. Monica draws out a woman and explains which areas are pleasing using numbers. She basically gets an orgasm herself while thinking about it.

Phoebe offers the puppy to her brother and his wife and decided she can be their surrogate because they look so happy. Her mom comes in and says that was her puppy.
/////Season 4A Episode 11 In regards to the first review, without PHOEBE, friends wouldn't be the same, yes she's stupid and flaky and a hippy but she's a laugh a minute, at least if you're slagging of Lisa kudrows character please learn to spell the name correctly it's PHOEBE not PHEOBE, phoebe is my second favorite character after chandler, if anyone don't like any of the characters then you really shouldn't insult courtney, Jennifer, matt, Mathew, David and LISA by watching this timeless sitcom FACT
/////Season 4A Episode 11 I am a huge fan of friends, but I hate the character of Pheobe. Not a single one of the other characters on the show in real life would be friends with that annoying, rude, badly dressed, hippie. She always puts people down and screws everything up. Like how she blurted out Monica had lunch with Richard in front of Chandler while on the plane to Vegas. When she blurts out Racheal is pregnant, when she harrases Ross while he's still secretly married to Rachal, and a million other instances. I seriously hated Pheobe on the show. Any episode or storyline that centers on Pheobe is a huge waste of time and airspace. No wonder why she never had a serious relationship before that equally annoying Mike guy because shes freaking annoying and weird. One of my favorite jokes in the show is in the Thanksgiving episode of season 9 when Christina Applegates character is introduced to Pheobe and she says something like "Well thats a funny noise", love it!
/////Season 4A Episode 11 First off Pheobe is my least favourite of the six coz her character is pretty inconsistent. First couple of seasons She never lied then all of a sudden she can't do anything but lie! Then this whole brother babies thing is pretty messed up no matter how you look at it, why not just adopt a kid instead of putting your babies in your sister!!
/////Season 4A Episode 12 The continuation of Phoebe's pregnancy story goes on as great as it started. Now we get to witness her trying to get pregnant. It is a huge pressure because there is a big chance that it won't work out. It is great how Frank comes up with the ideas to make sure that it works out. Put like thousands of them in her, or for her to get drunk because it worked for some girls from his high school, haha! I also loved the part of Phoebe lying feet up and singing a song for the fetus. We can see that this story will bring a lot of fun in the future.

The great thing is that the other story of the episode didn't get overshadowed by the embryo one at all, it was just as good if not even better. The game Rachel and Monica play against Joey and Chandler for the apartment is genius. The questions are great and we learn a bit more about the characters, and the outcome is just perfect!
/////Season 4A Episode 12 Absolutely my favorite Friends episode, the question game was amazing, and well, Chandler and Joey are my favorite characters so I was glad they won, but Monica was also very funny in her full competitive form, Ross was the "host, and the girls just couldn't guess Chandler's job, the great entrance of the guys at the end never fails to crack me up.

Now I wish that Pheobe would have been there too, but the episode indeed was incredible, recommended for everyone who considers him/herself a fan of the show and good comedy. Heard its a cast favorite episode too, my best wishes for all the show cast and god bless David and Martha for creating such a wonderful and hilarious comedy show
/////Season 4A Episode 12 TOW the Embryos was one of the earlier Friends episodes I watched, and it went a long way in getting me to watch every episode ever since. This episode is in my opinion the best candidate for "laugh-out-loud" moments in what is probably the greatest "laugh-out-loud" show ever made.

Some of my favorite moments were: Chandler's imitation of "Michael Flateley, Lord of the Dance"; that wonderful entrance of Chandler and Joey on that dog; "I can't believe we live here!" (told by two poles-apart situations by people in two vastly different ways); and, probably the best of all, the priceless reaction by the four competitors after time's up!

The only thing I'd have changed is to somehow get Phoebe into the competition. She had severely little to do. But the other five more than make up for the absence.

According to me, nothing beats this episode of Friends. TOW Everybody Finds Out is the only one that comes close.
/////Season 4A Episode 12 The best episode so far, everything you love about the show is in this episode.
/////Season 4A Episode 12 This is one of the all time classic episodes of 'Friends', and deservedly so.

Not only does it allow the actors to really shine, there are also some brilliant lines in it along the way.

It also manages to combine both humour and heart, with the contest scenes being hilariously funny, and yet the scenes regarding the surrogacy being particularly heartfelt.

'Friends' is one of a few sitcoms that manage to combine both genres so effortlessly, and this is a fine example of that.

A great episode.
/////Season 4A Episode 12 From the Phoebe's sweat story line to the tense contest between others and some of the real funny trivia about their personality which it reveals, this is without a doubt one of the top episodes ever....
/////Season 4A Episode 12 Phoebe is off to the doctor's to get checked and Chandler says he can do that lol. Then Joey comes in saying Monica is wearing granny panties and Chandler says he can check that.

At the doctor's Phoebe is ready to get implanted. The couple is placing all their hopes on this one time because it costs 16000 dollars each time.

The girls and guys make a bet to see who knows the other pair better. Ross makes up the questions. Ross asks the girls how old was Chandler when he touched a girl's breast for the first time and the answer is 19.

The guys win because the girls forgot what Chandler's job even is. They switch apartments and Rachel complains that this is a girls' apartment where it is clean with purple walls. The guys' apartment is smelly is dirty.

Phoebe comes back and takes a pregnancy test the couple gifts her. She announces she is pregnant and then there is a group hug.
/////Season 4A Episode 12 It's definitely a top ten episode for me, and my second to third favourite episode of series four after The One with Ross's Wedding, which I always refer to as The One in London, but either way it would be first. This, however, is still a 10/10 episode and for many reasons. Both funny and heartwarming, the episode truly encapsulates the essence of Friends I think. If not only brings them together but gives us the best of Friends having fun while competing, and emotions are thrown all over. To add to this, there's the good news of Phoebe going to be a surrogate mother to Frank and Alice, which was done very well leading into its fifth series I feel. The actors seem to be having a lot of fun, and the questions scene betting between the Birds and the Apartment is of course phenomenal. It's a funny, smart, and sweet episode all-round, definitely showcasing them at their best and it is also a part of my favourite era of Friends, which is from around series 1-5. Sure, I love the series as a whole though, and it's been a part of my life for as long as I can remember. The episode is brilliant, definitely makes for one of the most memorable too in my opinion, and again, it's one of the best. Personal standout moments are Phoebe talking to the embryo dish before insertion, her also giving the news that they're going to have a baby, and the entire question game betting scene. Again, 10/10.
/////Season 4A Episode 12 En lo particular no me gusto tanto,es a little aburrido
/////Season 4A Episode 12 Phoebe has accepted to host in her uterus the artificially inseminated child(ren) of her brother Frank and his older wife Alice Knight Buffay; the anxious wait for a pregnancy is rewarded. Meanwhile a display by Chandler and Joey how well they know Monica and Rachel by guessing the items in their shopping bag leads to a large-scale bet on a quiz, for which Ross makes the questions. It goes close, but the team captains pride and sense of competition brings Monica to accept Chandlers dare to up the stakes: either the boys' birds are ousted, or the girls must exchange their master apartment for the boys measly rooms- Rachels error in the last round enables a triumphant entry of the victors.
/////Season 4A Episode 13 Ross and Chandler go see his gf's play. Chandler loudly excitedly says his gf is the lead and he gets to have sex with the lead. A good looking man that has abs through his overcoat plays the male lead and both actors eventually strip and have simulated sex.

Chandler is upset and worried that this guy might be the reason he loses his gf. Ross happily agrees to go see the play again.

Rachel is demoted to personal shopper for rich clients. Rachel tries to tell her boss she wants to quit and she wears a cute button-down with a tight black miniskirt. A "cute" blonde man comes in and Rachel doesn't tell her boss she wants to quit. The blonde man's ex burned all his clothes so now he needs everything right down to underwear.

Joey demonstrates how he asks women out. He says he looks her up and down and then says, "How you doin'?".

Joey suggests to Rachel who has never asked a guy out before to get tickets to the Knicks game. Before Joshua leaves, Rachel says, "Basketball!". The man turns around and Rachel says she has two tickets. The man takes them saying his nephew would be interested and leaves.
/////Season 4A Episode 13 After her former department at Bloomingdales was abolished, Rachel gets a new job: personal shopper for big spending clients; one of them, Joshua Bergen, really appeals to her, so she lures him back after hours with his 'lost' wallet, but even Joeys misunderstood suggestion to offer him Knicks tickets doesn't quite work out. Chandler is terribly jealous when he thinks his girlfriend Kathy gets too intimate with her thespian counterpart, and she takes it badly enough to break up with him- once he's no longer drunk, he's a wreck and realizes he didn't really know. Monica really misses being 'the hostess' now the boys have the big apartment, so she decides to make their tiny place 'even better'; she does a great job in two obsessive days non-stop, but is so tired she dozes off on the couch.
/////Season 4A Episode 13 The story with Rachel's crush is has both funny and weak sides. First of all I can't understand how she got a crush on Joshua. He is not an ugly man at all, but I just could see nothing so overwhelming about him that she would go nuts like that. It is also interesting how they think that a woman asking a guy out makes her look desperate. Is it just the 90's or their usual prudeness and old fashioned views that I have been noticing so often when watching it? But on the good side are all the funny attempts of Rachel to hit on him, those are pretty good! I especially like her saying "How you doin'?"

I wasn't really a fan of Chandler and Kathy story. It was neither funny nor did I like Perry's acting in it. It was sure his weak moment. The only good part about it was Ross saying "Well, if she thought they were on a break...."
/////Season 4A Episode 14 In this episode we get introduced to Emily. Her first scene on the show is very funny. So is her and Ross ending up in a bed and breakfast together and his conversation with Monica on the phone. It is also kind of nice to see Rachel being kind of "punished" for her selfishness

Chandler's post break up story was very cute. How the birds followed him (Rachel should really stop talking how she would like the rooster dead, someone being such an animal hater isn't funny), how he got out of the chair only when when stinky Joey came and his trip with the girls to the strip club. Phoebe once again shows that she is the best of the girls, she actually had some fun

Joey's stinking story wasn't too great. It had the amusing moments but it seemed not be done to its full potential
/////Season 4A Episode 14 Even better because it has Charlton HESTON in it. This episode should be required watching and not canceled or 'whatever'.
/////Season 4A Episode 14 Joey arrives on the set of his latest movie unwashed, after a three day fishing trip with his dad. Rachel sets up Ross with the niece of her boss. Chandler goes through three phrases to help recover from Kathy cheating on him.
/////Season 4A Episode 14 Chandler is still upset about Kathy. Joey goes on a fishing trip with his dad without showering.

Joshua invites Rachel to his nightclub and says he put her on the VIP list. Rachel however already told her boss she would meet with his niece named Emily.

Chandler is upset because he wanted to go out to a strip club to see strippers with the guys. Ross and Joey say that strip clubs are great because there are naked ladies.

The girls take Chandler to the strip club themselves and they compliment the strippers and put dollar bills in her G-string. They chat up with the strippers. Monica calls a woman over to give Chandler another lap dance.

Back at the apartment Chandler says thanks to Mon, the hottest cocktail waitress is leaving to teach the third grade. The girls talk about which woman they would want to be with. Rachel says when she slipped the dollar bill into Chantal's G-string, she grazed her thigh and her skin was so smooth.

Chandler quietly listens and imagines things. He says he got to phase 3 now. Imagining being with other women thanks to their descriptions. Its him with all the strippers and his girl friends.

Joey says he wanted to go to the strip club and Chandler says to not worry because lots of women out there will break his heart.

Chandler is in a dream. Strippers in skimpy outfits line up with the girls. Chandler excitedly tells each of them what to do like get the oils.
/////Season 4A Episode 14 This is a decent, if unspectacular episode of 'Friends', from its fourth series.

It really only serves to introduce Ross's new potential love interest, Emily from England, who is as annoying here as she will be throughout her run in the show.

The Joey story line is only really note worthy due to a cameo from Charlton Heston, but it didn't really do a lot for me. Neither did the Chandler story line with him trying to get over Kathy, which was really down to his own paranoia.

Not a great episode overall.
/////Season 4A Episode 14 Charton Huston??? The most aggressive actor who believes we need guns in our house?? They should delete this episode too... its a shame
/////Season 4A Episode 15 This episode follows 3 Stories. Chandler- trying to get rid of Janice. This is one of chandlers best episodes in the series. Its super funny the issues that arise when he tries to break up with her. Ross- rugby. Ross tries to prove he's tough by playing rugby. Absolutely hilarious. Monica- trying to figure out the light switch. This one I was less fond of. I get that she's obsessive, but aside from something joey does, its not that funny in this episode. This storyline is the only reason I didn't give the episode a 10. The other 3 characters just supported the 3 main stories and were very funny. Overall One of the best episodes barring the Monica story. 9/10.
/////Season 4A Episode 15 Chandler goes to get his nails done with Rachel and they bump into Janice at the nail studio. Janice is divorced and Chandler goes out with her even though he finds her very annoying. Emily's English friends invite Ross to play rugby with them and Ross says yes to impress Emily. Chandler can't break up with Janice so he tells her he is being transferred to Yemen the following day. Unfortunately, Janice helps Chandler pack and goes to the airport with him. Chandler has to buy a ticket to Yemen. Ross is playing rugby and he isn't tough enough for the game but enjoys himself despite his injuries once he is able to hurt the other players as well. Chandler actually leaves for Yemen.
/////Season 4A Episode 15 This is a pretty amusing episode. I loved Chandler and Janice! How he was trying to get rid of her and ended up going to Yemen. When she was with him at the airport with the address (Yemen str. in Yemen) and he ended up having to actually go to Yemen. This was just too great. I was only a bit upset that he didn't like her so much anymore. Would be great if they continued dating because more Janice on the should would be better. She is a great character

Ross playing Rugby was a good storyas well. Ross trying to go "Red Ross", and how he was jumping into the crowd. I also liked how they were watching rugby on TV and Ross said he will be the guy on the side and that guy ended up being run over.
/////Season 4A Episode 15 I like the bit where Ross has no idea about rugby.
/////Season 4A Episode 15 Chandler goes with Rachel to get their nails done. There, he meets Janice again after remembering how her nails look.

I love Jennifer's coat with the fur and her crossbody black bag and the second bag over it. She wears two shoulder bags.

Ross walks in the dark with the girl and she wonders about the NYC danger stories. Ross is invited to Rugby.

Chandler ends up packing to keep up with the lie and buys a ticket to Yemen. Janice follow him all the way.
/////Season 4A Episode 15 This is a fun episode, and one that allows Matthew Perry and David Schwimmer to play to their respective strengths.

It's always nice to have Maggie Wheeler back as Janice, and although it feels a bit of a rehash for Chandler to struggle to try to break up with her, the Yemen spin on it makes it very funny. The interaction between Matt Le Blanc and Wheeler was also good.

Ross playing rugby in order to try to impress Emily also makes for an interesting story line, with Schwimmer showing what a good physical comedian he is.

A good episode from the fourth series of the much loved show.
/////Season 4A Episode 16 Rachel is very embarrassing in this episode, to the point where it's more desperate than funny.

This episode isn't great on the whole actually, with Monica and Chandler largely side-lined and Ross putting up with Rachel's antics for no real reason.

The Phoebe and Joey story line is perhaps better than the main one, and it's always lovely to see Kudrow and Le Blanc working together closely.

Not the best episode of 'Friends' ever, and actually quite a disappointing one from my favourite series of the show.
/////Season 4A Episode 16 The idea of Phoebe suddenly craving meat was pretty amusing. As a vegetarian myself I loved how they handled it! The fact that Joey was such a sweet friend and made sure that no extra animals died was very nice. I also like how she first found that meat she was craving, in Joey's shower

Rachel hitting on Joshua was very amusing as well. Her changing all those clothes, especially towards the end the cheerleader outfit. I love the scene when Monica wanted to stop her but at the end decided not to because she wanted to see how it ends (and I am very grateful to her that she didn't). I loved how Rachel hurt her lip, how she was trying to get her bra off, the episode was full of great ideas
/////Season 4A Episode 16 Rachel is the dumbest character of this show. Every single episode about her and her boyfriends are soooo boooriiiinnggg. She is the one weakest link of this perfect cast.
/////Season 4A Episode 16 This episode follows 3 stories. Phoebe eating meat. This one involves a nice deed from joey. But adds little humour to the episode. Rachel trying to seduce Joshua. The episode focuses most on this one and while it does have many funny moments, its completely absurd. And for some reason I'm not too fond of Rachel in this episode. Maybe because this isn't the type of humour Jennifer anniston is best at. Maybe if the same thing was done by joey or chandler I would have liked it more. Ross not wanting Emily to leave. Pretty standard. Almost no humour. Joey chandler and Monica aren't focused on but are probably the funniest characters in the episode. Overall a funny episode. But they picked the wrong character to throw the ridiculous party. It doesn't work with rachel.7/10.
/////Season 4A Episode 16 Monica asks Phoebe what is wrong. She has such pretty legs with dark pantyhose on.

Phoebe is craving meat but she is a vegetarian.

Rachel comes in saying they have to prepare for a surprise party for Emily because she invited Joshua.

Joey advises Rachel to take her bra off.

Phoebe bites into Chandler's sandwich. Joey offers to not eat meat so that Phoebe is eating the meat he would have eaten, therefore no extra cows would die.

Rachel does silly things and wears her cheerleader costume from high school.

In the bedroom with Joshua she tries taking her bra off but fails. She admits to Josh she wanted to seduce him. Josh says he bought six suits but he doesn't need suits for work. He came to buy just to see her. Rachel is 28 years old.

At the end Josh and Rachel kiss and go into the other apartment.
/////Season 4A Episode 16 The idea of Phoebe suddenly craving meat was pretty funny, loved the deal she stricted with Joey. The shower scene was also very funny. Rachel hitting on Joshua was very amusing as well. Her changing all those clothes, especially towards the end the cheerleader outfit. I love the scene when Monica wanted to stop her but at the end decided not to because she wanted to see how it ends (and I am very grateful to her that she didn't). I loved how Rachel hurt her lip, how she was trying to get her bra off, the episode was full of great ideas. Emily leaving and enjoying her fake party is also some great humor.
/////Season 4A Episode 16 Hmmmmm, not to shabby, Rachel has the radio knobs that need tuning. Pretty sexy.
/////Season 4A Episode 16 Like, yeah, the plot and the situation of this episode has been quite repetitive throughout these seasons. Rachel and Ross not being able to move on from each other and holding grudges but I just gotta say Aniston stole this episode. Her portrayal was just hilarious and amusing to watch. Also, Phoebe eating meat again was sooo funny. Gotta say, I laughed hard. Emmy for each one of the actresses for stealing this whole season. And I really hope Ross doesn't end up being this unbearable until the finale.
/////Season 4A Episode 17 Great episode. I absolutely love the scene in the airport when Ross tells Emily that he loves her and she says "thank you". His mimic was priceless, and I love how he was telling it to Monica. This whole story was very good. They had a great idea to make Emily come to New york again while Ross was in London and her leaving him a message while telling the neighbours to bugger off was very funny.

And we find out that Phoebe is having triplets! Can it get any better? Too bad that Frank needs to quit his refrigerator college. Lisa Kudrow is just great in the scene where they tell the rest about the Relaxy Cab.

And a little joke about free porn wasn't too bad too. It was funny and there wasn't too much of it so it didn't get old and boring
/////Season 4A Episode 17 The guys are super excited to learn they have porn on their television. They watch a steamy scene of a woman kissing a man's abs and the man's back arching.

The maintenance man comes in and says, "That lady is all kinds of naked.". The guys are all excited about the nudity and women.

Emily is leaving for London soon and Ross says goodbye to her at the airport. Following his sister's advice he goes to London and waits for Emily at her doorstep. But actually Emily flew back to NYC and asks for Ross. The gang is shocked.

The guys go to the girls' side and asks if they can watch television on their TV because they have watched too much of Going In and Out and Going In - basically meaning intercourse.

Chandler and Monica curl up together casually on a love seat. Monica cuddles up to Chandler.

Chandler complains about women not making moves and so does Joey. A woman doesn't ask to see the bedrooms for example. They realize they got to stop the porn and they turn the TV off. They turn it on again and celebrate that they have free porn.
/////Season 4A Episode 17 Joey hits a button on the remote control and get a free access to an adult TV channel. They don't turn the TV off, as they are scared they wouldn't it again. Ross is sad because Emily just left for the airport and he doesn't know when and if he will see her again. Ross catches Emily at the airport to say he loves her. Emily doesn't react and boards the plane. Phoebe finds out that she is pregnant with triplets and Frank will have to quit college to support such a large family. Chandler and Joey need a break from the adult TV show channel so they watch TV at the girls' place. Emily calls to tell Ross that there is someone else and she doesn't know who she should be with. Monica convinces Ross to go to London and fight for her. Emily turns up at the apartment to tell Ross she loves him but he's already in London, they all call Ross so he can come home as quickly as possible.
/////Season 4A Episode 17 This is one of those 'Friends' episodes where the title story line actually doesn't take up much of the time.

This is probably right too. Yes, the idea of the guys getting free porn is funny, but it's essentially a one joke idea, and on network TV there wasn't much more they could've done with it.

I didn't find the Phoebe story line that funny, other than the appearances of Frank and Alice. Now there's a spin-off that could've been.

I enjoyed the Ross story line though, and despite David Schwimmer saying in hindsight he felt that the Ross/Emily romance was rushed, here it is well played. I liked Joey's love of Toblerone too.

A good episode.
/////Season 4A Episode 18 Ross is hilarious. His jealousy about Emily and Susan was done just perfectly. I love the scene where he even makes Carol worry and it freaks him out even more and where he tells the girls that Susan and Emily are "being gay together" after which Phoebe analyzes how carol make him all paranoid

The date of Rachel and Joshua had lots of fun moments as well. First of all the fact that he is scared farm birds. And of course Rachel facing his parents in her "dress". I just couldn't understand why they left Joshua $500 for groceries. He doesn't seem as if he lives off his parents.

I also liked Phoebe selecting a name for the child. Joey and Chandler competing for it was fun, especially since Chandler ended up going the "i hate my name" route to convince Phoebe to choose it instead of saying how great it is. Smart move!
/////Season 4A Episode 18 Emily asks Ross if his son would be disturbed with her hanging bra. Ross says if mom has a wife, dad can have a bra.

Ross is worried about Emily hanging out with his ex's partner. What if Emily is a lesbian? They are going to the gym together and Ross says they might go to the steam room. He references a movie and Joey says he will definitely watch.

Rachel asks Monica for advice on which nightie to wear and Monica says she finds it creepy picking out other people's sex clothes. Monica tells Rachel the food she prepared for their dinner, articulating all the dishes' names.

Rachel and Joshua are having dinner at Rachel's but Josh is freaked out about the birds. He suggests going to his parents' home. Rachel says their home is a real babe magnet. Rachel asks if there is somewhere she can freshen up. She wears a long black jacket.

Josh's parents have come home early. Rachel put on her sexy nightie and sit on the couch. She is shocked to see Josh's parents with him.

The next day she tells the girl that the waiter spilled water on her back and when she jumped her boob popped out. She says she has really nice boobs so whatever.

Phoebe tells Chandler she will name the baby after him and he has to keep his name. Chandler is a wonderful name.
/////Season 4A Episode 18 Frank and Alice name two of the babies and let Phoebe pick a name for the second boy. Phoebe wavers between the names "Chandler" or "Joey", so the guys have a big competition whose name will be be picked. Ross freaks out because Susan is in London and is now really good friends with Emily - and it all seems too familiar. Rachel has a romantic date with Joshua and hopes to sleep with him. They are at Joshua's parents' place who are supposed to be on holidays, but come back unexpectedly. When they barge in, Rachel is wearing a sexy negligee and tells them it's a dress by an Italian designer. The parents are shocked but take Rachel and Joshua out for dinner with Rachel wearing her negligee. Ross seriously thinks Emily is a lesbian now too, but the friends tell him not to be so paranoid and he shouldn't let what happened with Carol ruin his relationship to Emily.
/////Season 4A Episode 18 This is a mixed episode.

The 'Rachel's night with Josh' story line was OK, there were some nice jokes in there, and a nice cameo from Matthew Perry's father, John Bennett Perry too.

I found Ross very annoying here. Talk about being paranoid! Although I liked the fact that the writers were still using Carol and Susan at this point (that wouldn't last) this story line grated with me.

I enjoyed the Chandler/Joey/Phoebe story much better, and there's some nice interaction between all three characters.

An average episode, they can't all be amazing.
/////Season 4A Episode 19 Most of the episode it is about the apartment issue. I like how they were pulling cards to bet both the tickets and the apartment. The funny thing is that Joey didn't even get at the end that they still had the apartment. And how sneaky were the girls to just move everything while the guys were away, I am not even surprised that it was Phoebe's idea. And first I wasn't sure if the deal that they made was convincing, but then I thought of course, these are Joey and Chandler!

And in this time we also see Ross's and Emily's relationship moving forward very fast, which is not surprising, they needed to do something about the distance. Very well done was the moment when Rachel hears about their engagement.
/////Season 4A Episode 19 Rachel and Monica can't stand the apartment anymore and want to trade it for basketball season tickets. Emily leaves again for London and Ross wants to ask her to move to New York. Chandler and Joey thinks it's outrageous because Ross has only known her for 6 weeks. The guys don't want to give up the apartment but agree to bet with the girls. Phoebe makes up a game no one understands so they cut a deck of cards and the guys win. Ross asks Emily to marry him and she says yes! While Joey and Chandler are at the game the girls move their stuff back into their apartment. Chandler wants to get the girls' apartment back but the girls offer to kiss for one minute in return for the apartment and the deal is settled.
/////Season 4A Episode 19 Emily and Ross lie in bed together and make out. His bed looks so comfortable. Emily gets up to pack but Ross tells her not to. He pulls her back into a hug.

Ross asks Emily to stay and she can become one of those foreigners who take jobs from Americans.

Rachel gives the guys tickets after losing a bet. While they were at the game, the girls switched the furniture. Monica and Rachel offer a thank you gift by making out for one minute. The guys go to their side of the apartment and immediately go to their bedrooms, saying good night when clearly they are going to be masturbating.

Ross proposes to Emily.
/////Season 4A Episode 19 The rush is clearly on for the writers to engineer the Ross/Emily romance to a wedding in time for the end of the series. And much like the story line, the writing is a bit rushed too. However, it is well played out by David Schwimmer and Helen Baxendale.

As with a few episodes towards the end of this series the show seems to break its trend of having three story lines, and sometimes that works and others it doesn't. Perhaps this was due to the fact that Lisa Kudrow was pregnant and couldn't commit to doing as much understandably.

I liked the fact that the girls were trying to win back their apartment, and there was some good comic interplay within this story.

A fun episode.
/////Season 4A Episode 20 I loved Jennifer Anniston in this one. Rachel was really going crazy because Ross was getting married and Jennifer did it so well. I love the scene where Ross comes to talk to her. It is all so well done, what she was saying, how she was saying, how she stuck out the tongue.

And we get to see the girls having some fun in wedding dresses. I was a bit wondering how Monica could wear it while doing dishes, but it was pretty fun to see them all sitting on the couch in wedding dresses eating pop corn, and the fact that Rachel opened the door to Joshua was just awesome

A nice addition was Joey's snoring problem. Him coming on to the whole room and wearing the anti-snoring device were great ideas
/////Season 4A Episode 20 Chandler is awake because of Joey's snoring. He tells him the next day to go to a sleep clinic. Monica says she had an ex who was a light sleeper and when she snored, he rolled her over and that did the trick. Joey takes it sexually and says, "Oh yeahhh".

Ross asks Monica to pick up Emily's wedding dress. Monica and Phoebe are amazed at how beautiful the dresses are. The consultant asks if she would like to try on the dress and she does.

Monica brings it back to the apartment and wears it. Phoebe shows up dressed in a rented wedding dress. They have fun tossing a bouquet to each other.

Chandler comes into Joey's room and tries to turn him over but Joey is sleeping naked. Chandler tries to not see Joey's penis.

Rachel wears a beautiful blue slip dress and Ross comes in when she is pretending to do dishes.

Rachel meets with Joshua at the cafe and plumps on to the couch. She looked pretty plumping down. She asks Joshua to sit and asks if he wants to get married.

Rachel scared Joshua away and she tells the girls in the apartment. They all put on their wedding dresses and sit on the sofa together, Phoebe drinking Perrier and the other two drinking booze.

Rachel opens the door thinking it is Chandler but it is Joshua and he says, "I got to go.".
/////Season 4A Episode 20 Chandler is funny as usual. Even extra funny with his looks after coming straight from the bed: his hair tangled, his irritated look! Amazing Actor! Joey :thumbs up:! Phoebe: pregnant! Need I say more? Monica: Obsessive.  Wah-Pah! Hysterical. Rachel : extravagant. Ross: idiot. Seriously great lines but acting could use some work. Which is sad since we know his most recent income was from Madagascar 3 as Melman! Aniston is brilliant as usual in 'suppressing her jealousy' act. Monica looks hideous in Emily's dress. Joey snores annoyingly. Another good piece of acting. Hysterical performance by Kudrow. Cox tries very hard though. The story is nicely written with humor dissolved in rightly and timely. I loved this episode utterly. My Rating: 8/10.
/////Season 4A Episode 20 Rachel and Ross talk about Ross's plans to get married. Rachel pretends to be absolutely fine about it because she and Joshua are serious. Emily found a wedding dress in London but they don't have it in her size but the store in New York does. Monica and Phoebe go to pick it up and Monica tries the dress on. Ross announces that the wedding is in 4 weeks. Rachel asks Joshua to marry her and he says ... no! Joshua breaks up with Rachel and Rachel realizes she isn't handling Ross plans for the future too well because she always thought they would be together. Monica, Phoebe and Rachel dress up in wedding dresses to cheer Rachel up.
/////Season 4A Episode 20 There's some fun be had in this episode as Rachel completely goes to pieces over the fact that Ross is getting married, and consequently scares off Joshua, her current boyfriend, in the process.

The Joey and Chandler story line was fun, though not up to the usual standard I thought. Seeing Matt Le Blanc and Matthew Perry together though is a constant joy.

This is one of those episodes that is really just building up to the big series finale, and it shows a little. The plots are just that little bit thinner.

However, it does have it's moments, notably in the Rachel story line.
/////Season 4A Episode 20 I have thoroughly enjoyed Season 4...up until this episode. Seems this was a sign of where the show was eventually headed. Girls in wedding dresses...and Ross's impulsive wedding engagement was the start of the show getting way too campy and annoying. I'm not sure when the wheels officially come off, but I don't think it's for a while. This, to me, was a turning point of it just being more annoying than funny.
/////Season 4A Episode 21 Just in case you missed the previous three seasons.
/////Season 4A Episode 21 This is the first of the 'Friends' flashback/clip episodes, and although I recognise the need for the producers to stretch the budget, there's a lazy quality to these episodes, and this one is no exception.

Yes, it's nice to see the most memorable moments of the Ross/Rachel relationship, but it doesn't necessarily make for the most interesting of episodes for the audience.

The linking scenes of new material are OK, but it's laboured stuff all round.

The beauty of DVD is that you can skip episodes like this and pretend they don't exist. I do.
/////Season 4A Episode 21 The first of the crappy episodes made to save the budget.

We basically get to see the main parts of the Ross/Rachel relationship from each side.

Why would we want it? I rather rewatch the episodes from the past if I want to see those scenes again. And in this episode I would rather see something new and original Instead we don't even get to see anything that is new and funny.

Actually it is so bad that I don't even remember what else was in there except of the clips the next day.

One of the episodes not worth watching again
/////Season 4A Episode 21 All of these reviews about it being clips from previous shows....Uh...when this came out 20+ years ago...they weren't in syndication...no reruns...dvd box sets weren't a thing, i don't think. pretty sure it was vhs. wasn't in HD. If you missed an episode 20 years ago, you had to wait months for it to re air...and if you missed the re airing...good luck. You can wait a few years to see it again unless you rented the season on blockbuster once it came out...or bought an entire season...how much were they back then??? Like $50 a season? It was insane. This was fine.
/////Season 4A Episode 21 So what if it's a compilation, mostly, of great scenes from prior episodes? Every now and then it was nice to look back at some quality stuff put together with a storyline...remember this was before streaming and many people didn't have season disc collections. So lighten up you givers of anything less than an "8"...or go watch Seinfeld...
/////Season 4A Episode 21 Emily and Ross make the invitations and the gang receives them. Rachel ponders over her time with her ex and how he is now getting married. A recap of scenes of their relationship is shown.
/////Season 4A Episode 21 This shows love story arcs are soo boring. Especially Ross and Rachel. Rachel is most boring and annoying character. Even Emily, is better than her. Even Janice! I'm waiting for Chandler&Monica. I bet it will be better. Chandler and Joey are saving show while fourth season. Others just boring. But it's just for fourth season. Others were better first 3 seasons.
/////Season 4A Episode 21 As Ross and Emily send out wedding invitations, he and Rachel each look back on their relationship together while Joey and Chandler look for a purpose in life.
/////Season 4A Episode 21 All you gotta know is ross is trying to figure out if he wants rachel in his wedding or not. And then Rachel is trying to deciede if she actually wants to go.

Rest of the episode is only flashbacks of rachel-ross relationship moments.
/////Season 4A Episode 22 This episode isn't too bad. What I liked the most was Phoebe's story. I liked how they made a story about her being upset that she will have to give away her babies. And it was so sweet how the girls told her that she was not losing them completely, she will still be an aunt and get to love them, which is very true! And this story had also it's funny moments with Phoebe being mean to the point she scared Monica and Rachel. Or when Monica yells for "the book" and Rachel brings the Bible

The story of Ross and his best men was not bad either. Was interesting to see whom he will choose at the end and his decision was the right one. I just didn't find the story with the ring too catchy or exciting
/////Season 4A Episode 22 Joey prepares for the bachelor party. They got one stripper.

Phoebe is experiencing mood swings. Rachel wears a cute outfit.

Joey sleeps with the stripper and finds the ring missing the next morning. He calls the company and cops but no one helps. Ross says that ring was in his family for generations. They hire the stripper again to go to Chandler's office and they confront her. She says she makes 1600 dollars a week and has no need to steal a ring.

They ponder over the missing ring and realize it might be the duck. They take the duck to the vet and they reminisces their times with the round duck. The vet comes out with the ring.

Ross makes both of them his best mans.
/////Season 4A Episode 22 At first Ross chooses Joey to be his best man but after a mishap at his bachelor party, he decides he wants both Joey and Chandler as his best men. Phoebe's mood swings makes Monica and Rachel nervous.
/////Season 4A Episode 22 After the lame duck flashback episode that preceded this one it's nice to see 'Friends' back on track with this fun episode that focuses on a duck.

Actually, only half of it is fun. The story line with the guys was far more interesting, and had some good scenes and big laughs in. Matt Le Blanc was great here.

The other story line involving the girls was OK, but only the final scene was interesting, with some genuine heart. The rest of it just seemed to be Phoebe having mood swings due to pregnancy.

We are building the finale of the fourth series, that will see the sextet go to London, and what a series it has been.
/////Season 4A Episode 23 This is the first part of the very exciting season finale I didn't like the Joey and Chandler storyline very much. I don't know about anyone else but to me Chandler seemed so out of character. Too grumpy, easy to embarrass not in the mood for fun. Joey was hilarious though. I loved his excitement and especially the map that he had!

It was good how they created a problem of there being no place to get married. But I disliked how Monica was handling it. And the fact that they made it look as if Ross has been wrong. He was absolutely right. First of all not all women are unreasonable idiots dreaming about wedding all their life, it is Monica's character flaw not that of the rest of females. And even if one is like that, she should be put in her place and use some logic, because postponing this wedding over something like that would be a very nasty thing to do. The solution they found for it was pretty sweet though

Phoebe and Rachel have been pretty funny in that time
/////Season 4A Episode 23 Chandler was out of character in this episode; mean and grumpy. Half of the time Joey is irritating when he displays his dimwit behaviour but Chandler and the others mostly ignore it out of affection for him. I love the music used in the London scenes; The Clash's 'LONDON CALLING' and Roger Miller's 'ENGLAND SWINGS'. Emily made me laugh when she didn't understand Ross's signal for time-out. Monica annoyed me with the way she tentatively tried to make Emily switch from Chicken Kiev to Salmon because it would be 'more elegant.' Order Salmon at YOUR OWN wedding, Monica! And what sort of idea is postponing the wedding for another time, instead of finding another place for the ceremony? Monica can be such a fool and I was furious her idea made Ross and Emily argue. But Ross arranging the half demolished hall as best as he could and then showing it to Emily was very sweet. I also liked the surprise cameo by the Virgin Group founder, Richard Branson. My brothers admire him so they were astonished when I called them over to see him play the role of a vendor who sells a hat to Joey. Joey was funny with the map thing and then bumping into Fergie, Duchess of York who was friendly at first but then beat a hasty retreat when Joey, being Joey starts to hit on her. Rachel is PLAIN selfish, it's harsh but true. First she's jealous about Ross and Emily then pretended she's not, refused to go to London with the others and finally realises she still loves Ross, packing her bag to go and stop the wedding, even though she knew very well Ross loved Emily. I was not pleased with that.
/////Season 4A Episode 23 Due its success in this country it was no surprise to see 'Friends' cashing in on it, by staging its fourth series finale there.

And people are a bit divided by it, even to this day.

I agree with previous reviewers that Chandler is acting out of character here, with no real reason why he should be so grumpy. Matt Le Blanc though is great fun as Joey.

David Schwimmer is at the centre of things, and he plays out the highly farcical plotting of the situation well. Helen Baxendale as Emily sadly fares less well, and it's wrong that you will Rachel to get to London rather than for Emily and Ross to be together.

A good start to the two parter.
/////Season 4A Episode 23 Joey takes a photo of Chandler to capture the moment. They are all with their suitcases and Monica is worried about time. Rachel wears a beautiful spaghetti-strap dress with diamond jewellery.

They go to London and Chandler and Joey share a room with separate beds. Monica is so funny and pretty. The couple goes to the venue but their building is being demolished early.

Ross wants the wedding anyways but Emily wants to postpone it. Ross disagrees which angers Emily. Ross goes to the guys' room where Mon is. Mon wears black pants and a tight athletic zip-up which shows off her figure. Mon says they have been dreaming about their weddings since they were kids.

Rachel has her suitcase and things. She plans on telling Ross her feelings.
/////Season 4A Episode 23 Okay. Rachel is going to ruin Ross's wedding. I H A T E R A C H E L S O M U C H.
/////Season 4A Episode 23 Even before they leave the apartment, Joey drives Chandler crazy by forgetting everything useful, even his passport, but crying every five seconds "London, baby!", and photographing absolutely everything all the time, as if 6 hours on an airplane with Monica weren't bad enough. Emily was already a nervous wreck, but when she and Ross show Monica her dream site for the wedding that hall is already torn down, ahead of schedule! Ross hears Monica made her consider postponing and freaks out about their parents and transatlantic guests; she answers then they better call it off altogether. Back home, Phoebe makes Rachel realize how much she still loves Ross, so she helps her make up her mind, but warns her it's too late to get Ross back- yet Rachel rushes to London. When Joey insists to buy and wear an ostentatious Union Jack souvenir hat, Chandler refuses to spend the rest of the day thus; instead of being lost and miserable, Joey has a great afternoon, even photographed with Fergie.
/////Season 4A Episode 24 The second part of the finale was genius. It couldn't even be ruined by the stupid "they would be speaking German if not for us" joke that only some Americans who don't know enough history would agree with. Everything else was perfect

The whole idea of Chandler and Monica hooking up was so unexpected and absolutely great! When she got out from under the sheets it was probably one of the most surprising moments of the show. How they were acting after it was all very funny too. And one really wants to know how it will go on, looks like it is not over since Chandler plans to come over to her room on the wedding night again

I loved Rachel's trip to England. I liked the guy next toher who told her that she was incredibly selfish and that they WERE on a break. A voice of reason right next to her. I found it very nice and touching that she decided to not be selfish and not confess anything to Ross

I also liked how they included Phoebe into the wedding. How shewas trying to stop Rachel, talked on the phone with Emily's mom (very interesting character) and even got to hear the wedding on the phone, including the last lines that made the waiting for the next season so much harder for everyone
/////Season 4A Episode 24 And this is a great ensemble episode with Rachel deciding that she simply must stop Ross and Emily's wedding. But I completely can believe that this "going going gone" scenario could happen. I believe everything about what happens between Ross and Rachel and what ultimately takes eight years to play out. Actually. longer if you count the time they knew each other in college/high school.

BUT...what happens between Monica and Chandler is complete fantasy. All you see is a glimpse of them in bed together so you know what happened. But no guy is going to go from treating a girl like a notch up from being a hole in his mattress to being somebody he loves. It just doesn't happen. And you throw in the friendship with Ross that goes back to college and more than likely Chandler Bing would be changing careers and become a forest ranger in Montana just to make sure he doesn't have to encounter either Monica or her brother for the rest of his life.

There's nothing wrong with having fun, with casual sex, but if you nurse the fantasy that it will ever be anything more you are deluding yourself. What do they say about a woman over 40 having a better chance of being killed by a terrorist than being married for the first time? Your chances are worse.

And all of this started because Monica was mistaken for Ross' mother by a drunken wedding guest. So she seeks validation by being an easy lay? This must have been written by a man.

I feel about this episode the same way I felt when Jurassic Park came out. Great entertainment, but just don't believe that 1993 computers could do all of that and remember the dinosaurs are all gone and they are not coming back.
/////Season 4A Episode 24 Stupid Rachel, idiot Rachel, selfish Rachel, evil Rachel, DEVIL Rachel. The character I hated the most all tv show history. She is RUINING the show. I'm so happy for Monica and Chandler tho. I hope the story focuses to them than Ross&Rachel thing. Oh I forgot the mention HOW I HATE RACHEL. HATE RACHEL!
/////Season 4A Episode 24 I loved this episode but I was aghast at what Ross did at the end. I was amazed and horrified about Chandler and Monica hooking up- at the time. I was like, 'Oh no, no no no!' Monica with her obsessiveness and bossiness and Chandler's issues with commitment, I felt it was a recipe for disaster. Even with the Season 3 flashback and the episode where Chandler tried to prove he was boyfriend material; I felt they would even be worse than Ross and Rachel, (whom I NEVER approved of) because their relationship would be based on sex only and would fight a lot. The next season and the ones after proved me wrong of course! Elliot Gould was very funny with the 'You thieving, would be speaking German if not for us cheap little man' line. I know my history so I kept rewinding that part so I would laugh again. Christina Pickles was funny too but while I don't really like Monica, I don't like how Judy Geller treats her either. Hugh Laurie was great as the man on the plane who tells Rachel what he thinks of her, 'a horrible person.' I first saw him years ago in BLACKADDER GOES FORTH so it was nice seeing him unsmiling and grumpy and telling Rachel what she was doing was selfish and agreeing she and Ross were 'On A Break'!
/////Season 4A Episode 24 Oh god!! I hate Rachel.. she's so selfish i mean how could she do that to Ross she ruined the hole wedding!! so disappointed 😥
/////Season 4A Episode 24 The writers resisted having rachel disrupt the wedding by 'objecting' to the wedding, which is pretty much the standard for tv weddings. Instead they invented the whole 'ross says rachel' scenario, which works rather well. BUT and we cannot stress this strongly enough: Chandler doing anything more than hitting it for awhile is not realistic by any means. Monica is a hateful mean dominating woman, and jumping in the sack with chandler because she gets drunk and feels sorry for herself, well...Wake up chandler (Later she tells him, "now that you're with me, you don't get to win") Run Chandler Run
/////Season 4A Episode 24 Ross' and Emily's parents meet and prove quite antagonistic; Stephen and Andrea Waltham enjoy that the Gellers pay for the wedding, against tradition, but Jack feels the list of expenses at their house is highway robbery, so Ross tries to mediate. Joey is terribly homesick, despite playing best man jointly with Chandler. Rachel misses her flight having forgotten her passport, and on the next annoys the gentleman sitting besides her to death who is quite happy to disagree with her all the way. The rehearsal dinner is hell for Chandler and Monica, who doubts whether she'll ever find a partner.
/////Season 4A Episode 24 OK, so British cameos were going to happen in this two part UK set finale, but while part one used them sparingly, this second instalment goes overboard, with Hugh Laurie, Jennifer Saunders, Tom Conti, and even Sarah Fergusson thrown in, with mixed degrees of success I should add.

Monica and Chandler hooking up is the big reveal, and it feels slightly out of character and rushed by both of them. It does however give the show another dimension, that it will plough in the second half of its run.

I'm a bit divided on this two parter. Bits of it worked, others didn't. However the cliff-hanger ending is undoubtedly the best the show managed across its ten year run.
/////Season 4A Episode 24 Ross goes into the guys' room and excitedly says he is getting married today! Today!

The dinner is awkward because Emily's parents are trying to take advantage of Ross's parents by making them pay for renovations.

Monica pops out of the covers asking if Chandler thinks Ross saw. They had sex last night.

The bridesmaids wear beautiful red dresses. Joey slept with one of the bridesmaids.

Rachel is impatient on the plane and talks to a man about everything.

Emily looks beautiful with an updo and her white dress with a bolero.

Joey is busy making out with the bridesmaid instead of guarding the door. Rachel comes in and sees Ross kissing Emily.

Emily's mom receives a call from Phoebe who hands the phone to Joey. Joey holds up the phone so she can hear. Instead of saying Emily, Ross says Rachel. The episode ends with shots of London.
/////Season 4A Episode 24 I like how Ross says the wrong name at the wedding
/////Season 5A Episode 1A After the brilliant season finale, the first episode of the 5th season doesn't disappoint.

The beginning when Ross is trying to clear things with Emily and to make the party happen were funny. Especially when he tells Joey to dance and he starts dancing in his weird way

One of the best parts is to see Chandler and Monica trying to find a place where they can have sex while in Londin because what happens in London doesn't count. Everyone is ruining it for them! Even on the plane. And again we see that this will go on because they can't stop even when coming home

And the ending of this episode is pretty cool again. It keeps it exciting
/////Season 5A Episode 1A Ross and Emily are getting married, but Ross says Rachel's name when he is saying the vows. After this incident, Emily stays angry with Ross and escapes from him in their wedding night, not even participating the party.

Phoebe tries to help Ross by telephone, but she only has success in talking with Emily's mother.

Chandler and Monica are still sleeping together.

Joey decides to eat meat again in London, spite of the promise he did to Phoebe.

Ross stays stressed searching for Emily and telling her how sorry he feels, but he doesn't have any success finding her.

He eventually invites Rachel to go travel with him, since he needs to spend his Honeymoon's package with someone, but Emily arrives in the airport when Ross is almost traveling with her. Emily stays angry again and Ross runs after her, letting Rachel in the airport alone.
/////Season 5A Episode 1A I love this episode. I think Ross was so completely stupid for saying Rachel's name at his own wedding. My God, how dumb is he? Really. The answer is really.

In this episode, we pick up right where Season 4 left off. After Ross and Emily's wedding. He tries to get Emily to forgive him, instead she climbs out the window of the bathroom, at her own wedding reception. Just like Rachel did at her wedding, but before. Ross is devastated and tries to convince Rachel that he didn't mean to say her name. But we all know he did. Monica and Chandler are trying to hookup again, before they have to leave London. They think it will only work if they do it there, then stop when they get home, and pretend it never happened. But they never seem to get the chance. Something always interrupts them. At the end of the episode, Ross goes to the airport, hoping Emily will show up for their flight for their honeymoon. Instead, Rachel shows up to tell him that she loves him. And they agree to go on the honeymoon together. Rachel goes to get on the plane, and then Emily shows up. Ross runs after her, and abandons Rachel on a plane to Greece. What a douche.

Overall, I give this episode a 9 out of 10.
/////Season 5A Episode 1A Emily, embarrassed by the encounter at the alter, runs away and Ross tries to find her. Chandler and Monica try to get alone time together, but it will be harder than thought to get privacy. Rachel thinks that the reason Ross said her name at the altar is that he loves her, much to Monica's denial.
/////Season 5A Episode 1A Ross you are an idiot dude. I'm 24. I had never girlfriends before. I have anxiety. I'm asocial. I have no job. I live with my parents. I have only one friend and he isn't love me as much as I love him. BUT DUDE YOU ARE MORE IDIOT THAN ME. How can you do it.
/////Season 5A Episode 1A From previous eps, she advised Emily to postpone wedding and cancel everyone's trip to London just because the place where wedding is thrown is in demolition. That shows her lack of understanding and love towards Ross. Even when Ross is going through horrible time of his life during wedding, the only thing Monica is thinking is to find a chance to have sex with Chandler. How is that a sister? Yet in the end she told Chandler she was going through a hard time in London, how funny is that?
/////Season 5A Episode 1A For some reason series 5 is my least favourite series of 'Friends', and this episode doesn't really get it off to a good start.

Joey and Phoebe are largely side-lined as the drama surrounding Ross and Emily post wedding takes centre stage.

David Schwimmer felt his characters mad dash to the altar was out of character, and so is Ross's behaviour here. I don't believe he would have got on the flight to Athens with Rachel, that seemed far fetched to me.

The Monica and Chandler story is well played out, but other than that this is a largely forgettable episode.
/////Season 5A Episode 1A Ross says Rachel instead of Emily. After the ceremony Emily goes inside the honeymoon suite upset.

Chandler and Monica want to have sex in the wine cellar. They keep having people around them disrupting their plans though. They go to rooms to see if they can do it for 5 minutes. At last they go to the honeymoon suite. Chandler says the room expects sex and it won't get any from Ross and Emily.

Chandler and Monica have a passionate kiss back at the apartment.

The gang goes home and Rachel waits for a ticket to become available. Ross spots Rachel with her black top and blue jeans. She has black luggage and he is sitting at the boarding waiting area. Ross invites Rachel to go to Athens. Rachel boards the plan and Emily appears. Ross goes after her.
/////Season 5A Episode 2A Phoebe starts to be annoyed with the fact that all the Friends only talk about their trip in London. She was the only one who could not travel because of her pregnancy, and she doesn't understand many of the things they are saying. To make Phoebe a little more happy, the Friends decide to go to Atlantic City with her.

Rachel comes back from Ross' Honeymoon travel in Greece, all tanned but angry with Ross, since she was ''abandoned'' alone in the flight too Greece. At the same time, she wants to tell him how much she likes him, but Monica thinks it is not a good idea.

Chandler kisses Monica when they are in public with the other Friends. He doesn't want the other Friends to find it suspicious, so he also kisses Phoebe and Rachel, to look as if it were an European habit he got in England.
/////Season 5A Episode 2A Rachel's idea in this episode to let Monica make her decisions. Who in their right mind would let Monica do that. This actually shows that Rachel is indeed horrible at making decisions, lol

I usually don't notice things like clothes but in this review I have to make a special mentioning of Rachel's yellow dress. It was beautiful and she looked so great and elegant in it. I do think that Jennifer Anniston is a very good looking woman but this was probably the most gorgeous I have ever seen her, really breath taking

I liked the conversation between Rachel and Ross, very well done. It showed the little awkwardness in the beginning and then what great friends they are because this would not ruin things between them

The whole story of Chandler kissing every one was a nice amusing addition to the episode

And I found it cute how Phoebe was getting jealous that she didn't go to London and shared this time with them. And it was very sweet of the rest to plan a trip for her. Unfortunately it won't happen, but luckily it is because the babies are coming the next episode!!!!!
/////Season 5A Episode 2A Monica and Chandler are still seeing each other without telling anyone. Ross keeps confusing Emily's and Rachel's names and has a lot of rage. Rachel comes back from Greece. She pretends that she isn't mad at Ross for abandoning her on the plane. Rachel puts Monica in charge of her love life and decisions because Rachel always chooses the wrong way. Chandler has to kiss Rachel and Phoebe all the time because they always catch him kiss Monica. The friends want to take a trip to Antlantic City with Phoebe because she felt left out after their London trip. Rachel tells Ross she loves him even though everyone tells her not to. Rachel and Ross crack up laughing at their situation: Rachel is in love with a married guy whose wife doesn't return his calls. Just as the friends are about to leave for their trip Phoebe's water breaks
/////Season 5A Episode 2A For me the 5th series of 'Friends' is a weak one, perhaps because the creators at this point were juggling the other shows they had in production.

A reason for the decline for me is because two storylines drag on throughout most of the year.

The Ross/Emily storyline here is tedious, and while the Monica/Chandler romantic cover up is funny it will drag on too long.

Not a great episode.
/////Season 5A Episode 2A This episode slowly built up and was best near the end.

Phoebe feels left out because the gang talks about Britain and she did not go.

Chandler accidentally kisses Monica so he has to kiss the other girls to cover up what he did. They wonder if it is some new European thing.

Rachel stays behind with Ross and poses prettily ready to talk. She wears cute blue straight jeans and a striped top. Ross puts his newspaper away and gives all attention to Rachel. He looked hot when he did this. Rachel admits she still loves him.

The gang is ready to go to Atlantic City but then the guys notice water dripping from Phoebe. Her water broke.
/////Season 5A Episode 3A A classic one, and a change of scenery. In the episode before, after they had decided to take Pheobe away for the weekend her waters broke and she was going to be giving birth then the next episode sees them rushing into hospital. Chandler and Monica arrive late and are quizzed by the gang to where they have been. The doctor Pheobe wanted was not available so the "Fonzie" doctor comes in. Full of laughs this episode is. Rachel finds herself and Monica two cute nurses to go out with, but Monica refuses as she is secretly with Chandler. Joey misses the birth because he is taken in because he had kidney stones. Another funny bit when the other boy baby turns out to be a girl baby and they still name it Chandler. Frank - "Chandler's a girl" Chandler - "WOW..Kindergarten Flashback" Another funny and also emotional episode especially at the end when she realises she has to give up the babies in spite on asking Rachel if she would ask Frank and Alice if she could keep one. A good one.
/////Season 5A Episode 3A This is defiantly in my Top 10 episodes of the series. It is just so fantastic and everything you could ever want in a 100th episode. I highly recommend this episode, even if you're not a giant fan, I think this episode could change you're entire outlook of this show.

This episode is the 100th episode. Let's just first commend the show on getting to 100 episodes, not that anyone doubted that it would. But anyway, I'll continue. In this episode, Phoebe gives birth to her brother's triplets. There was meant to be two boys and a girl. One boy to be named: Frank Jr. Jr. The other boy to be named: Chandler. And the girl to be named: Leslie. But when the babies come out, Chandler is actually a girl. It's so funny when Chandler asked what they're going to name her, now that she's a girl, and when Phoebe says that they're still going to name her Chandler, his face is just priceless. I feel very bad for Phoebe in this episode, because she wants to keep one of the babies. But sadly, like we all knew they would, Frank and Alice want to keep all of their children. And Phoebe is so disappointed. But it's a very lovely thing she did for the couple.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10, and if I could, I'd give it a 100 out of 100.
/////Season 5A Episode 3A This another classic episode where everything works brilliantly.

I like how Phoebe says that the father is her brother. I totally agree with Rachel, I will miss her freaking people out like that

I really like all the doctors we saw in the episode. The guy who loves Fonzie (this was just so random), the very young guy (although I felt very bad for him) and the Kidney Stones guy. All were great characters that added a lot to the episode

I found it very funny how they made Joey have his kidney stones parallel with Phoebe's baby. Such a great idea!

Frank jr. made me laugh several times especially with "Lamazda" class.

And the moment at the end when Phoebe says good bye to the babies is very sweet. Very well done by Lisa Kudrow. It was beautiful, emotional acting
/////Season 5A Episode 3A In this episode, Phoebe goes to the Hospital to have her brother's triplets. The Doctor who is responsible to take care of her is very annoying and only talks about Fonzie. Phoebe wants to stay with one of Frank's and Alice's kids, since she is feeling difficulty to separate from them.

Joey stays recording a video of the triplet's labor, but suddenly, he feels really bad, full of pain (as a woman in labor) and they discover that he has kidney stones and will need a surgery.

Chandler stays jealous when he discovers that Rachel got a date for her and Monica with the Hospital's male nurses. Chandler tells Monica that he doesn't like that, and they decide to make an agreement about their relationship.

Ps: The triplets are 2 girls and 1 boy.
/////Season 5A Episode 3A I have been bing watching Friends since the start, and this is by far my favorite episode so far. Finally an episode with no Ross and Rachel on and off love or whatever you call what they have for each other. Main focus was on Phoebe giving birth to triplets and a doctor with a Fonz complex. Very wonderful storyline, especially how she talks to the babies before having to give them up. The 2nd storyline is another funny one. Joey has kidney stones and parnell his getting the kidney stones out with Phoebe's birth. Especially funny is how tight he hangs on to Ross for support. 3rd brief storyline is about Monica and Chandler and how he struggles to say the right words to Monica. Also a sweet a funny storyline. As mentioned, an excellent episode, one of the best.
/////Season 5A Episode 3A Phoebe is in hospital to give birth to the triplets slightly early. Monica barely covered up to Rachel that she was with Chandler who found them two hot male nurses to date. When Chandler panics and says he and Monica are only 'messing around' they agree to see other people but neither actually likes the pact. Phoebe dislikes her doctor because he openly adores Fonzie from Happy Days. To Rachel's horror Phoebe is considering 'keeping one' of the babies. Joey has a sudden attack of pain and is diagnosed with kidney stones, and squashes Ross during a very painful procedure. To Chandler's horror, the third baby is still named after him, even when it turns out the baby is a girl.
/////Season 5A Episode 3A Chandler gets jealous when Rachel tells Monica that she has two nurses set up for them. Out of jealousy Chandler tells the male nurse his job is girly isn't it and the nurse replies he is doing this to get to medical school. Chandler can't say anything.

Phoebe gives birth to the babies and the male doctor does so discreetly by having the blue blanket cover her legs and just making sure the baby can be seen.

Phoebe holds the triplets and talks to them.
/////Season 5A Episode 3A This is certainly a step up from the episodes that have gone before it in s5, and marks the 100th episode of 'Friends'.

I'm not convinced it all works, with the Fonzie Doctor seeming a bit out there for a 'Friends' episode, but on the whole it's all well played, with the Pheobe/Joey stories in particular being strong.
/////Season 5A Episode 4A I like this episode, but not as much as all the other ones. It's probably my least favorite from the season, and maybe even the series. I don't like the way that they don't mention that in the last episode, Phoebe had triplets. You'd think that'd be something that'd come into conversation.

In this episode, Joey is signed up to do a PBS Telethon, thinking he's the host. So he goes in there all ready in a tuxedo and then finds out that he's just a telephone guy. Phoebe tries to find a selfless unselfish good act, and ends up giving money to the telethon to make Joey, which makes Phoebe happy, which means it didn't work. Meanwhile, Monica and Chandler are almost caught by Rachel. Now all Rachel knows is that Monica has a secret lover. Monica says to Rachel that the guy was the best sex she's ever had, so Chandler starts to brag. And Ross tries to make up with Emily, which he can't do because he sucks and deserves to not be with anyone. My anger issues towards Ross are very visible in this review.

Overall, I give this episode an 8 out of 10.
/////Season 5A Episode 4A Ross is calling Emily to see if he finds her, until he has success in talking with her by the telephone. Emily decides to give a chance to Ross, but he needs to go to London,since she doesn't want to go to America. Ross stays desperate thinking how to convince Carol and Susan to go to London,since he doesn't want to stay away from Ben. Ross asks Emily to be reasonable, but Emily says that the only way she goes to America is if Ross doesn't see Rachel anymore.

Joey is going to be a Co-Host for PBS and Monica doesn't want to have sex with Chandler, since he is cocky after he discovers that he was Monica's best sex partner.
/////Season 5A Episode 4A Monica is annoying in this episode once again. So Chandler finds out that he was the best sex she ever had and is very happy about it. but Monica of course can't handle the fact that someone is happy about a compliment. She can only stop being such a nasty person when he tells her that she is the one who makes him so good, because of course everything is her accomplishment. I wish he never did it

This is also the episode which made everyone hate Emily, because she doesn't want Ross to see Rachel anymore. While it was not the right solution it is very understandable why she would want it. Absolutely nothing wrong with Emily It is very sad though to see how the magic ball tells Ross to stop seeing Rachel and she is all happy because she thinks it is just about her choosing a movie. Or when Ross tells Emily that he will not see Rachel anymore, and Rachel is all happy for him because she doesn't know what it is all about

And there is some fun stuff happening as well as Phoebe tries to find a selfless good deed but it never works out. Her face when Joey tells her that Santa Clause doesn't exist is priceless
/////Season 5A Episode 4A Joey dresses in a sharp tux for his job at a television show but finds out it is for taking calls. Phoebe gives in a pledge that puts Joey on the spotlight and the host mentions how sharp he looks.

Chandler is excited knowing he is better than Richard in bed with Monica.

Ross finally gets into contact with Emily on the phone who wants him to never see Rachel again in order for him to get her back.
/////Season 5A Episode 4A Ross finally gets in touch with Emily and they try to work it out. Chandler gloats after Rachel reveals that Monica's secret boyfriend is the best sex she ever had. Phoebe and Joey debate if a selfless good deed exists.
/////Season 5A Episode 5A I love this episode. There is so many things happening and it's all so funny.

In this episode, Monica and Chandler go away on a romantic get-away, without telling anyone, of course. They say they're going to conventions for work. But when they get to the hotel, they get into a massive fight about everything. Changing rooms, car chases, etc. Ross eventually works up the courage to tell Rachel that they can't be friends anymore, because Emily is coming to New York, to give Ross another chance. Even though, everyone knows that after you say someone else's name at a wedding, that the marriage is doomed. At the end of the episode, Joey somehow figures out that Monica and Chandler are involved and they swear him to secrecy.

Overall, I give this episode a 9 out of 10.
/////Season 5A Episode 5A Monica is tired to hide her relationship with Chandler, specially because there is always someone who catches them while they are doing something. They both decide to find an excuse to stay together in the weekend in another place. Monica tells the Friends about the culinary fair in New Jersey and Chandler tells them about a conference in the same place. In new Jersey, they arrive in the Hotel they are going to sleep, but instead of enjoying, they fight the entire weekend.

Ross decides that Emily will come to New York and he needs to talk to Rachel about that, since he cannot see her again. Rachel stays shocked with Ross' resolution to not stay near her anymore.

Ps: In the end of this episode, Joey discovers about Monica and Chandler.
/////Season 5A Episode 5A Chandler and Monica plan a weekend on false work-related pretenses so they can be alone. Ross tells Rachel that Emily is coming to New York and they can't see each other anymore. On top of that, Rachel's dog Lapooh just died so she is furious and both her and Ross are inconsolable. Monica constantly demands new hotel rooms for silly reasons and Chandler can't keep his eyes from the TV. They argue, and when they return home Chandler tells Monica he thought their relationship was over. To his delight, Monica is determined to make up and continue. After a number of indelicate slips from Monica and Chandler Joey finally realizes they are involved but they swear him to secrecy.
/////Season 5A Episode 5A Monica says mmm as she kisses Chandler. They have to hide their relationship from the rest of the group. They go to a hotel for the weekend and have a fight there.

Rachel looks so pretty with a cute outfit. Blue jeans and a green bomber. Ross tells her that Emily does not want him seeing her anymore once she gets here. This angers Rachel.

Rachel blurts out she thought Phoebe would be the one phased out of the group like the old roommate named Kip. Kip was Monica's ex and the guys no longer saw him. Phoebe and Rachel plan on taking Joey to make their own little group.

Joey connects the dots when Monica says she saw Donald Trump at an elevator and is missing her eyelash curler.
/////Season 5A Episode 5A And once again we get a whole load of Monica's nasty selfishness. After she gets together with Chandler it is always there. She is annoying, ruining their weekend, being a horrible customer to hotel staff and she even dares to complain and say that Chandler was wrong? He put up with her horrible personality and she doesn't appreciate it. And she thinks that it is funny that he believed that their relationship, because according to her staying together means that they are in an adult relationship. An adult relationship doesn't mean that one let's some nasty wench oppress you and ruin your life. Chandler should have told her to f off because she doesn't deserve someone like him, or anyone.

The good part of the show was Joey finding out that Chandler and Monica are together. His reaction was so funny

and it was very sweet of Ross to step back and let Rachel have the friends. but it still makes one feel sad that their friendship may soon be over
/////Season 5A Episode 6A Joey was great here! Emily's storyline is kind of dumb, but I don't really mind, I guess sitcoms can be very silly from time to time.
/////Season 5A Episode 6A I never understood this storyline. Emily calls a place where RACHEL LIVES to speak to Ross and is angry when she finds out Rachel is there. So she's not supposed to BE at her own home? I always felt the character of Emily was extremely unlikeable. The bottom line is, if your betrothed says someone else's name at your wedding, you walk away. She was weak, no self-confidence, petty, and demanding. I cheered when he dumped her, and BTW, in essence, he dumped her, not the other way around. It was his decision, because she wanted to "always know where he was," and he wouldn't stand for it.

BTW, HOW can there be a SPOILER for this EPISODE? The DESCRIPTION of this episode is "Emily tells Ross she wants a divorce after he decides to keep seeing Rachel." That already IS a spoiler!!
/////Season 5A Episode 6A Joey is the only Friend who knows about Monica and Chandler's relationship, and they both make Joey promise not to tell anyone about them. Joey feels very uncomfortable with the whole situation, but keeps his promise.

Phoebe receives Fur from her mother as a heirloom, what makes her feel bad, since she is against Fur.

Ross is selling all of his apartment stuff, because Emily doesn't want anything that Rachel already touched in his apartment. He also is seeing new places to move. Everybody stays shocked with Ross decision to sell his things and to move, and specially with his decision to not talk to Rachel.

Rachel has a bad first impression of Danny, the new neighbor, when she sees him with a long hair and beard, thinking he looks a Yeti. But when Dani arrives handsome with his new haircut and shaved, she gets really interested in him.
/////Season 5A Episode 6A I have mixed feelings about the fur story. On one hand it is a nice idea for a story and it is great that Phoebe didn't take it at the end because her morality in form of the squirrel won. On the other hand I have trouble believing that Phoebe would have want to wear it. And it feels like an advertisement for fur, "look it feels so good that even someone who cares about the lives of animals will want to wear it!". This is probably not what they intended but it still gave me that feeling. And I don't like to see cruelty to animals being promoted

The Yeti story was not really funny either. I really do consider Rachel to be shallow, but being scared of some hairy/bearded guy in the dark basement can happen to anyone. So I think they kind of missed it here.

I did like the end of Ross and Emily. Unlike most Friends fans I didn't hate her, I can totally understand her. Her relationship with Ross was very short to expect her to fully trust him after all that happened at her wedding and after. This relationship had to die and it was nobody's fault. I liked the way they made the conversation and also added some comic relief with Joey looking at the balcony and showing emotions with the back of the head
/////Season 5A Episode 6A The gang become frustrated with Emily's demands to Ross. Monica and Rachel mistake their new neighbor for a yeti. Phoebe receives a fur coat as a family heirloom from her mother.
/////Season 5A Episode 6A I really love this episode. There are so many funny elements to it. It's just great.

In this episode, Phoebe receives a fur coat from her mother, and at first, she refuses to wear it because it's fur, and she is totally against that. But when she sees how good it looks on her, she decides to ignore her beliefs, at least for a little while. Meanwhile, Monica and Rachel go down into the basement to get their waffle iron, and they see what they think is a yeti. They spray him with a bug-bomb and run away. It turns out that it was their neighbor, Danny, who had been on a trek for months in the wilderness, and that's why he had such long hair and such a long beard. Meanwhile, everyone becomes frustrated and annoyed with Emily's demands, which aren't entirely unreasonable, since Ross did say the wrong name at their wedding, but I feel like that's what happens when you marry Ross Gellar. Jeez, I really hate Ross Gellar. He's so obnoxious.

Overall, I give this episode a 9 out of 10.
/////Season 5A Episode 6A Monica and Chandler make out heavily and Joey walks in seeing them. Emily wants Ross to stay away from Rachel.

When Rachel and Monica go to the storage room to look for something, a hairy man is there scaring them. Rachel uses a bug bomb.

Phoebe is given a mink coat that is a family heirloom.

When picking up the mail Danny is also there and Rachel doesn't realize it is him. He got a hair cut and shaved. Danny says I guess some people just care about looks. Rachel is offended and follows him to his room. Rachel says they both made wrong assumptions but he doesn't even consider he could be wrong after. Danny asks if she wants pizza with him. He gets his coat.

Rachel says Danny is one smooth talker.
/////Season 5A Episode 6A The main story involving Rachel and the 'yeti' is rubbish, I'll say that first. Sadly the storyline would continue for a few episodes, and further my thought that series 5 of 'Friends' isn't the best.

The rest of the episode is good though, with Joey being on good form.

They made Emily out to be very unlikeable in series 5 (probably to get rid of the character quickly) and at least that storyline gets wrapped up here.
/////Season 5A Episode 6A Emily's storyline here is kinda dumb, BECAUSE SHE WAS PREGNANT IN REAL LIFE AND HAD TO FIGURE OUT A WAY TO BACK HER OUT OF THE STORY LINE!!! She would NOT be able to fly Durning her 3rd trimester! They had NO CHOICE!
/////Season 5A Episode 7A This episode was actually pretty good. I really liked the Rachel and Danny story where she was trying to make it some sort of a game where she stays in control. It was especially funny because Monica even thought that this is crazy.

I also liked to see the story of Ross becoming roommates with Joey and Chandler. I felt pretty bad for him when they go to look for the apartment that is so bad and the guys are obviously trying to get rid of him which he knew. But then they feel bad about it and give him that funny reference that he is a pimp. Very sweet!

The story of Phoebe and Larry was not bad either. What I actually liked the most is how they showed Phoebe liking all those things about him that the audience just didn't see.
/////Season 5A Episode 7A I really like this episode. I mean, everything Ross does pisses me off, especially in this episode. He can not go into someone else's home, who are letting him crash there for free and demand that they be quiet or pay for things they don't use. Ross in the real world would be beaten up so many times.

In this episode, Emily's cousin kicks Ross out, since he was his landlord. So Joey and Chandler tell Ross that they can stay at their place for a while, until he gets settled. But then Ross tries to take charge. He tells them to be quiet, that should be paying for stuff since they're "using it". I used quote marks because Ross thinks they're using it, but they're not. Meanwhile, Monica and Rachel get invited to Danny's party. But since Rachel wants to impress him, she pretends that she has a gala to go to.

Fun Fact: The message on the Magnadoodle board says: "No girls allowed!"

Overall, I give this episode a 7 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Great.
/////Season 5A Episode 7A Ross and Emily's marriage ends (now for real)making Ross a homeless guy, since the new apartment he was going to live with Emily belonged to her cousin and he already sold his ex-apartment. Chandler and Joey invite him to stay in their apartment for sometime,but Ross starts to annoy them with his horrible habits. Chandler and Joey try to get rid of Ross seeing new apartments for him.

Larry, the kitchen/health inspector, meets Phoebe after going to make a inspection in Monica's restaurant. They both (Larry and Phoebe) decide to go out, but Phoebe starts to get angry with him, since all the good restaurants she likes he closes.

Danny, the new neighbor Rachel has a interest, is going to give a party in his apartment and invites Monica and Rachel to go. Rachel wants to see Danny falling for her, so she decides to play with him, since she thinks he is playing with her.
/////Season 5A Episode 7A Ross is kicked out of his apartment that Emily's cousins owns because he didn't sign a lease - it's "family". Now that he divorced Emily the cousin doesn't want him there.

Monica's workplace is inspected by Larry, a health inspector. Phoebe likes him. Larry asks for her phone number and says he will call.

Ross moves in with the guys and Joey makes a fort with all the boxes. They are annoyed by Ross's habits and his "quiet down" gesture. Joey takes the newspaper articles that Chandler offers and says he is Italian.

Rachel tells Mon that the neighbour has not called her since their pizza outing. Later the neighbour invites Rachel and Mon to his housewarming party but Rachel lies that she has a regatta gala.

Rachel is introduced to the neighbour's acquaintance who is awkward. The neighbour thought they might hit it off.

The guys all put on hats and stand in the middle of the fort.
/////Season 5A Episode 7A Emily's cousin kicks Ross out, so he moves in with Chandler and Joey. They try to get him to move out because he drives them crazy. Rachel and Monica's new neighbor invites them to his party but Rachel makes an excuse not to go. Phoebe starts dating a health inspector, but every time they go out to eat he finds a reason to close the restaurant down. Chandler and Joey decide to let Ross stay.
/////Season 5A Episode 7A I thought this was definitely one of Jennifer Aniston's most funniest performances. The other two story lines were decent but "Crazy" Rachel really steals this episode.
/////Season 5A Episode 8A And here is again one of the best episodes, absolutely brilliant.

We start with Chandler's Thanksgiving when he finds out that his father left him for the houseboy and Phoebe's past life Thanksgiving.

The next ones they try to figure out the worst Thanksgiving that Monica had. The very first one is pretty funny. We see Joey with a turkey on his head and it just very silly, especially great is the part where he is laughing at Chandler while pointing into a different direction But the last two Thanksgivings are absolutely great! The flashbacks are just perfect! Ross and Chandler's outfits are great in both of the stories. It is too funny how Ross tries to impress Rachel by acting adult. And also how Monica is trying to seduce Chandler with macaroni and carrots.

I must say pretty much every idea, line and acting is high class in this episode
/////Season 5A Episode 8A Wow Wow what an episode ! One of my favorites,, like every thanksgiving episode .. just fabulous
/////Season 5A Episode 8A It's Thanksgiving and all the Friends are together again.

Chandler is the only one who doesn't like Thanksgiving, since he has terrible memories from when he was young on this time of the year. (His parents were always fighting with each other, not to mention the horrible Houseboy with ugly accent.)

All the Friends talk about their worst Thanksgiving, and Monica tells them that her worst Thanksgiving was the one she met Chandler, because he was rude to her, calling her fat. (Monica was already interested in Chandler on that time.)

Chandler, in this episode,finally tells Monica that he loves her.
/////Season 5A Episode 8A Friends is epic. Seasons 1-5'ish are some of the best television for my generation--even kept NBC's Thursday nights up after Cheers and Seinfeld made NBC must watch TV. However, the story line of Monica and Chandler ruined the show as a whole. It still had funny bits, a few funny episodes, but generally started a decline that I cannot believe lasted 10 seasons.

If I had to pinpoint an episode that put Friends on the springboard to jump the shark it was this episode. Prior to this episode, there were two "flashback" episodes that totally stayed in the lanes of the storyline (the Prom Video, and the Flashback). This flashback episode though, totally places plot holes in the storyline; subsequent flashbacks get further and further as time goes on, but this is ground zero.

Chandler and Monica had such a deep past that included him having only 9 toes and this is first discussed here...? Chandler knew who Rachel was...? Chandler was the lead singer of Ross' band...? They quit the Gellar Cup football game...?

I mean, I get that Chandler and Monica had been tossed around for years before being written into the show and all, but to have this moment in the past where Monica was in awe of Chandler--to him being the point of her choosing a cooking career, and doing the weight loss thing in one calendar year is just ridiculous for the rest of the series, but hey at the time of this episode, Monica and Chandler were taking off so I guess they thought it was cute to give them a sudden backstory...?

Go take time to watch three episodes in this order: Prom Video (s2), Flashback (s3) and then this one. Then tell me how this is a great episode. This would have been better served up in like season 8 or 9 when they were struggling to keep the series afloat, but for the "golden years", c'mon...?
/////Season 5A Episode 8A After Monica's Thanksgiving turkey dinner, the Friends elaborate on Chandler's traditional sob-story about his gay father causing a parental break-up, since then he always hated the holiday. His status as 'king of misery' is challenged, first by Ross' seasonal marriage with Emily divorced in record-time. Phoebe can only cheat with an 'earlier life', at the front-line in the Secession War. Rachel brings up the time that Joey and Monica ended up wearing the turkey on their heads, but that's easily topped by the early one from her fat youth, when Ross introduced her to Chandler at the Geller home. Chandler called her fat. Yet even worse, was the failed revenge the following year, when Chandler accidentally lost a toe, which got lost again.
/////Season 5A Episode 8A The gang sits around the coffee table feeling absolutely stuffed. It is Thanksgiving.

Joey is grateful for a nice fall breeze that blew up a girl's skirt and showed her thong. He marvels at thongs - they make you wonder if they are there or not there.

The gang reminisces their worst Thanksgivings.

One Thanksgiving when they were in high school, Ross in college - Ross comes back and asks Rachel if things are different now that he is gone off to college. Rachel says no.

The next Thanksgiving Rachel got a nose job and Mr. Geller compliments her on the surgery. Monica is the star of the show in a sexy black off-the-shoulder dress. She walks away so beautifully to the kitchen. Rachel demonstrates with a towel how to be sexy and seduce. Chandler and Monica are alone in the kitchen and Chandler smiles to be with a beautiful girl. Monica tries to seduce Chandler and drops a knife, cutting off his toe.
/////Season 5A Episode 8A First of all: I love "Friends". For me, it is one of two best TV series ever. The level of it's jokes is much above the average. Only rarely happens something awkward, even disgusting. Maybe it is the difference between the cultures - European and American, but here, in the Europe, the fart/gas/barf jokes are not appreciated. All the "Friends" quality of jokes is much, much better, so it is very painful that the producers decided to go for inferior standards sometimes. Anyway, when it happens, usually it is just 10 seconds, it is bearable, and we can still enjoy the show. But THIS episode is... Well, the first 3/4 is OK. But the finale is just awful. Disgusting. I mean, specifically, Monica with a turkey on her head (1), wearing a fez (2). I do not know, how the Turks feel about it, but I would NEVER show, e.g. a pig in a cowboy hat, wittily implying a connection to the Americans. It is the same level of joke. Very, very low. And again: This is the only episode I hate. All the rest has 8-10.
/////Season 5A Episode 9A This episode wins thanks to the Ross's sandwich story. It is just absolutely perfect. Once again I need to applaud David Schwimmer's acting skills. And it is also very well written, I really wonder what was on that note. And him being so proud about being called Mental is just too cute. The conversation that he had with the co worker that ate his sandwich is great too, always makes me laugh when he gets upset over his sandwich being thrown away and you can hear him yell all the way on the street

It is also pretty fun how Phoebe and Rachel take the class together. Phoebe is being a bit annoying as such a goody goody but thanks to it one gets lots of laughs when Ravhel compares Jane Eyre to Robocop
/////Season 5A Episode 9A Ross brings his leftover thanksgiving sandwich to work, but someone eats it. He finds out that it was his boss, who puts him on sabbatical and sends him to a psychiatrist for anger management therapy. Phoebe takes a literature class and asks Rachel to come with her, but instead of reading the books, Rachel comes and asks Phoebe what they're about right before the class begins. Monica takes the class instead of Rachel, but she tries to make the class more challenging and no one likes her.
/////Season 5A Episode 9A One of the best episodes of the series, so many quotables. Best Joey episode by far
/////Season 5A Episode 9A Monica and Chandler still are hiding their relationship from the other Friends, what makes Joey stays in embarrassing situations. (Like the underwear the Friends found in Monica's house!)

Phoebe starts to go to literature classes that makes her read new books every week. She invites Rachel to participate, but Rachel doesn't take things very seriously and steals Phoebe's answers every time the teacher asks her questions in the class, what makes Phoebe uncomfortable. Phoebe tells Rachel that since she didn't the Highschool,the classes mean a lot to her, and that she is there to learn.

Ross is angry that someone in his work ate his Thanksgiving leftover sandwich. When Ross discovers that was his boss who ate it, he ends up fighting with him (the boss) who sends him (Ross) to a psychiatrist, for anger management therapy.
/////Season 5A Episode 9A This episode is amazing one of my top 10 favorite episodes.
/////Season 5A Episode 9A Poor Joey has to save Chandler and Monica. His explanation to cover up for them is "I'm Joey. I'm disgusting.".

Joey tells Monica to sleep with him one time after he gets restless with covering for them. Monica says Joey! and Joey says I knew that wouldn't work.

Joey finds a photo of Monica naked and the rest of the gang comes in. Ross says that is my sister! Joey says he has this photo because he slept with Monica. Ross steps in saying you slept with my sister? Joey says just one time in London but she has been trying to get me back in the sack.
/////Season 5A Episode 10 Monica asks the handsome neighbour out for Rachel. The one who was previously super hairy.

The problem is he has a overly strange close bond with his sister. They tickle and touch each other. His sister has no problem wiping his crotch area.

Rachel suggests they should skip the date because he has a close bond with his sister. The guy wonders why women have a problem with his close relationship with his sister as his sister calls out for him that the bath is ready.

Joey writes a dirty script.
/////Season 5A Episode 10 Joey's new roommate Ross is bored out of his mind, while on sabbatical, and shows absolutely not aptitude for relaxing and pranks. Phoebe is determined to 'spread joy' all over the city as Santa's elf collecting for charity, but takes it too personal while many New Yorkers rather dump trash then actually donate money in the bin, thus reviving 'street Phoebe'. Joey is exasperated: even a part for an Italian Brooklyn actor his age is nailed by an unfit celebrity, so Ross makes it his mission to coach him creating his own part by writing a script; alas Chandler's idea for a self-invented game gets Joey's attention far easier. Tired of Rachel's hopelessly procrastinating 'plan' Monica plainly asks Danny 'who ignored her on purpose' to date Rachel, and he immediately accepts; she sees him kissing a girl in town, but at his apartment finds it's just his sister Krista, yet instead of relieved she is rather appalled how physically close the adult siblings still are, and the other friends.
/////Season 5A Episode 10 The story with the sister shows once again how prude and close minded they all are. Sure the part at the end where they are taking a bath together is a bit too much, but all the things before were nothing special. I seriously feel my grandma has less old fashioned views than them. No wonder the Street Phoebe wouldn't be friends with them

And the story about Phoebe was just hilarious.First all the people being jerks and how it made her mad. This made it all look so much fun! All those signs at the bucket, how she was all mean to the people including the old lady, I would like to see more of that Phoebe, she is wonderful
/////Season 5A Episode 10 There is a scene in this episode where Chandler is walking from his room to the kitchen. The camera moves from that corner and widens to the rest of the apartment and finally into the kitchen. This is when Joey says that he has finished what he was supposed to write for his script according to Ross's schedule for Joey. In this short period of time, there is a split second where you can see what looks like a boom microphone peeking into the frame on the left side of the shot. I was surprised to see this and I just had to share. Maybe others have noticed it too? Anyway, just thought I'd share this little blooper, especially since I didn't see it at all in the goof section.
/////Season 5A Episode 11 In this episode we get to see how they follow their resolutions The best one is of course Ross (what a surprise!). His pants are great on their own but it goes further! The whole scene in the bathroom where he tries to put his pants back on is a riot. And Joey's great advices make it even better. The look of him coming out of the bathroom without pants and white paste over his legs is just too good.

Phoebe teaching Joey guitar was great as well. Very good idea, and so Phoebe-like! Matt LeBlanc's acting in this episode is definitely worth mentioning

And of course it is just greatyto see Rachel finding out about Chandler and Monica and how she was struggling wanting to talk to someone. It was a great scene of her and Joey so carefully trying to find out if the other one knows
/////Season 5A Episode 11 Probably the best episode.❤ Chandler not making fun of others will get you everytime..
/////Season 5A Episode 11 The gang tries to keep their New Years resolutions. Phoebe teaches Joey how to play guitar, Ross wears leather pants on a date, Chandler tries to make a week without making fun of each other, and Rachel tries to stop gossiping. But all of these New Years resolutions will be hard to keep, especially for Rachel.
/////Season 5A Episode 11 This episode starts with all the Friends kissing each other in New Year's day, a smart idea Joey had to help Monica and Chandler kiss each other without everybody notice.

Ross makes a bet with Chandler that he cannot stay without mock people. Chandler accepts the challenge and tries a lot to not say anything when someone says something dubious.

Ross decides to do something new everyday, so he buys a leather pants to use in a date.

Joey wants to learn how to play the guitar and Phoebe tells him that she can give him classes. But Phoebe has a strange way to teach, not giving the proper names for the notes and forbidding Joey to touch the guitar,so Joey prefers to find another teacher, letting Phoebe upset.

Rachel listens Monica and Chandler's sensual chat on the telephone and discovers that they are having an affair.
/////Season 5A Episode 11 An amaizing episode with a lot of laughing. you don't want to watch it while your roommate is sleeping
/////Season 5A Episode 11 The gang has a New Year's Eve party. Joey says 1999 is his year. Joey helps Chandler and Monica out by getting everyone else to kiss someone when it is time.

The gang makes resolutions. Chandler cannot make fun of anyone for a week and Rachel cannot gossip.

Ross buys leather pants and they are very tight.

Rachel hears a taped message and finds out Mon and Chandler are dating. Joey and Rachel are shocked the other knows.
/////Season 5A Episode 11 I have two trivia sugests for IMDB apreciation. You should analyse about Ross in the bathroom scene Is an allusion about There's something about Mary movie from 1998. The other one is about the new decoration from this episode of statue of Liberty inside of Central Perk.
/////Season 5A Episode 12 Rachel and Joey stay talking about Monica and Chandler's relationship and Rachel is shocked with Joey's lack of interested in their relationship, since he doesn't know any details about they two. Rachel decides to talk to Monica in her lunch time, but since Monica doesn't talk anything about Chandler with her, she decides to have another strategy.

Ross is upset that Emily is going to marry again and ends up going out with Janice on a date. But even Janice gets annoyed with Ross' complaints and dumps him.

Monica stays shocked with Doug's attitude towards Chandler (Doug is Chandler's Boss) and also hates Chandler's ' work laugh' to please his boss.

To make Monica less comfortable, Doug invites her and Chandler to go out with him again.
/////Season 5A Episode 12 Ross finally realizes how whiny he's being after Janice breaks up with him for being whiny. Fantastic.
/////Season 5A Episode 12 Monica becomes annoyed at how Chandler sucks up to his boss by mimicking his boss's laugh and laughing at his tasteless jokes. Ross hooks up with Janice when he finds out Emily is getting married.
/////Season 5A Episode 12 Monica dislikes that Chandler is so fake around his boss. They play tennis and Monica is a pro player.

Ross finds out Emily is getting married. He writes a nasty letter to her. Later back at the apartment Janice comes. He was with Janice through the night.
/////Season 5A Episode 12 What makes this episode alright is the great idea of Ross hooking up with Janice. This was awesome and so incredibly funny. And it is great how it ends. The conversation when she breaks up with him is hilarious. Ross realizing that he is to whiny for Janice is a great scene and he looks pretty funny in it. I also loved how she gets to joey and tells him that it is 2 out of 3 now

The whole Janice story also lead to this great ending scene where Chandler realizes that Ross may not be happy about him dating Monica and tries to make it look as if he is not happy with Ross dating Janice but forgave him

I won't say much about the chandler and Monica story. Monica was her annoying shrill self and all I want to say to Chandler is "run away from that witch". I did like Doug's wife though, she seems like the female version of him when she slapped chandler on the butt
/////Season 5A Episode 13 Why do people use this space to write a recap of the show. Isn't that done already by IMDB???? Anyway. I have enjoyed revisiting Friends. Haven't watched it in many many many years. I was wondering where the wheels came off. The car is wobbling like crazy. I thought there were a few good seasons remaining before it just completely went off the deep end, but the descent of Ross, the annoyance of Monica seems to be pretty solid halfway through season 4. Phoebe her consistent annoying self, but that's the character that a lot of people seemed to like for some reason.
/////Season 5A Episode 13 The good thing about this episode is Phoebe's grandmother's funeral. There are so many fun ideas around it. How Ursula thought that grandma has been dead for five years now and didn't want to go to the funeral because she already made her peace with the death. And the 3D glasses at the funeral, that was crazy! And of course the fact that we get to meet Phoebe's father. Their conversation at the end is both funny and moving, very well done

Besides this, the episode sucks. The story with Joey's bag is just irritating. Except for the "unisex" part I saw nothing funny about it. Wait, I should laugh at some homophobic jokes and the fact that they are so close minded that they can't see a man wear a bag? They even convince Joey at the end to give up his bag that he likes just because of the close minded society. Yeah, thats the way to act

The massage story is bad as well. And the conversation that Chandler and Monica had at the end was very badly done. I am not sure if Courtney Cox was acting bad or it was just the fact that the scene was so badly written. I have a feeling that it is a combination of both
/////Season 5A Episode 13 Joey goes to Bloomingdale's and gets help from Rachel to pick out an outfit for his audition. He wears a nice green dress shirt and tie. Rachel recommends a bag that the guys make fun of him for.

At the audition, the director asks Joey to put down the purse. Joey gets so focused on the bag he doesn't even audition because the director won't provide more time.

Phoebe's grandmother died. Monica comes in saying she saw a couple having sex in a car. Not the way how they were doing it Monica said when Phoebe says transitioning to second life is nice.

At the funeral Frank Buffay comes and runs when he is questioned by Phoebe. Phoebe later says she caught up with him and will question him pretending to be an executor at the coffee house. Phoebe questions her father who admits he was a bad father and Phoebe then reveals her identity. They hold hands.

Joey comes back saying Estelle said he did not get the part. It was the bag.
/////Season 5A Episode 13 Phoebe's grandma has died. Joey wants to look great for an audition and Rachel takes him down to the store to help him out. They pick a shoulder bag to go with the clothes. Joey likes the bag so much he isn't going to return it after the audition. Phoebe meets her dad at the funeral but doesn't tell him who she is. Joey doesn't get the part because of his bag. Phoebe meets her dad for coffee. He came to the funeral to speak to Lily and Phoebe tells him that she died 17 ago. She also tells her dad that she is his daughter. Joey gives up the bag because the world isn't ready for Joey and his bag.
/////Season 5A Episode 14 It may be the best episode of Friends. After watching over and over again the 10 years of Friends, I can say that it's my favorite episode ever! The jokes and acting are incredible funny in here, and it's a great step and a very especial moment for the show when everybody finds out about Chandler and Monica. In my opinion, the best scene of the 10 years of Friends is in this episode. It's when Pheobe, Ross and Rachel are in the new Ross' apartment and Pheobe sees Monica and Chandler "doing it" through Ross apartment's window, her hysterical reaction is the best! Pheobe delivers another great sequence of the seduction game on Chandler. Great fun!
/////Season 5A Episode 14 Another one of the incredibly hilarious episode The scene when Phoebe finds out and starts yelling is just great. Well done by Lisa Kudrow. And it gets better when Ross comes in and Rachel and Phoebe try to distract him from the window. The final scene where Ross finds it out looking through the same window is just on the same level of greatness. He was just told that he can return to work and he shows all his anger again!

And the rest of the episode is genius too. Monica/Chandler and Phoebe/Rachel plotting against each other while Joey is being all upset. And the scene where Chandler and Phoebe are finally facing each other in their seduction battle is awesome. Phoebe's dance alone was great.
/////Season 5A Episode 14 By far the best episode when the writing was still at it's peak! Amazing comedic timing matched with a pivotal character arc!!!
/////Season 5A Episode 14 "They don't know that we know they know we know" "Thats naked Ross" "You're part bunny"
/////Season 5A Episode 14 They think they can mess with us? With us? They don't know we know they know.

I watch this at least once a year .. and it's remains the most hilarious episode of Friends if not any TV show. Really shows off Jennifer Aniston's superb comedic timing.

Rachael: I can't believe Chandler would .... wait .... Joey??? Do they know we know they know ?

Joey: They know you know.

The whole thing starts to unravel when Monica realizes they have been busted ( by a terrific Courtney Cox), After that the hilarity just doesn't quit. Kudos to Lisa Kudrow who is perfection.
/////Season 5A Episode 14 I have watched this so many times. It is funny every time you watch it!
/////Season 5A Episode 14 What a delight this episode truly is. Everything from Phoebe's reaction at the window to Ross finding out right at the end and losing it, to Monica and Chandler kissing admitting they're in love with each other to Phoebe "dancing", this is twenty minutes of pure sitcom gold. I would have to say it makes the top five, it is genuinely superb, and a true highlight of this series in its entirety. Standout characters here were definitely Chandler and Phoebe, but all six are fantastic, and this felt like it could have been a forty minute episode and it wouldn't have become tiresome or would lost any of its credibility or run out of ideas. It's one of the best episodes of any comedy series for me, it's smart, hilarious, romantic, and has so many brilliant, heartfelt, and just sheer funny moments. The writing is at its peak, the plot is great, the cast are confident and connected, and it feels well solidified as one of the leading series of the genre. The "You don't have any secrets.." part, Phoebe "vs" Chandler in seducing etc., Ross finding out, Phoebe and Rachel trying to distract Ross by cheering and jumping, Chandler admitting he loves Monica (specifically, although part of the seduction scene where they "kiss" lol), and Joey undoing Phoebe's shirt lol... these are just some of my favourite moments from this episode. It's legendary, well-written, and makes for one of the very best episodes when it comes to Friends.
/////Season 5A Episode 14 One of my favorite episodes definitely deserves 10 Stars
/////Season 5A Episode 14 My Eyes My Eyes Hello, Mr. Bicep They dont know that we know they know we know
/////Season 5A Episode 14 Best episode not just in friends, in the whole television, This episode must be in the history 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
/////Season 5A Episode 14 I wish I had friends like these. Friends at its best.
/////Season 5A Episode 14 This episode is so amazing, so fun and one of my absolute favorites. All the episodes are of course fantastic, but this one is special, both for Chandlers and Monicas relationship and it's hilarious!
/////Season 5A Episode 14 The ''ugly naked guy'' is moving and Ross thinks about moving to his apartment, which is a great place and close to the Friends. While they are giving a look in the apartment, Phoebe finds out about Monica and Chandler's affair, since she caught them kissing. Phoebe decides to test Chandler and Monica, and starts hitting on Chandler.

Rachel decides to help Phoebe in mock them and gives a lot of dirty clothes to Monica take to the laundry. Chandler and Monica are suspicious that Rachel and Phoebe knows about them and they decide to play their game.

Chandler,however, loses the game, since Phoebe reaches the limit of kissing him. He tells them (Rachel and Phoebe) that he loves Monica and he cannot do anything with Phoebe.

Ross gets the ugly naked guy's apartment, and while he is in there, he sees the window and gives a flagrant in Chandler and Monica having sex, what makes him the last Friend to find out about them.
/////Season 5A Episode 14 When Phoebe discovers Monica and Chandler's relationship, she and Rachel try to mess with them. But chaos intervenes when Monica and Chandler find out what they're up to. Ugly Naked Guy is moving out, and Ross tries to get his apartment, but he has serious competition.
/////Season 5A Episode 14 Who knows and who doesn't about Chandler and Monica's relationship is a whole mess. This leads to a we know they don't know competition. Its Phoebe x Rachel against Chandler x Monica.

Ross wants ugly naked guy's apartment. Rachel suggests getting to know the guy's hobbies and talking about them with him. For example with Joey she can talk about her underwear. Joey replies I'm listening.

Lisa's acting is amazing in this episode. Phoebe tries to seduce Chandler for fun and this leads to seeing who gives up first. Joey flicks off Phoebe's shirt to reveal her bra without breaking off any buttons. He replies it is not his first time. Joey says Chandler freaks out over bras.

Chandler gives up and Monica and Chandler embrace and have a romantic kiss. Ross is seen naked by the gang with ugly naked guy.

Later Ross goes to show his apartment to his boss and then sees Chandler and Monica. He screams get off my sister!
/////Season 5A Episode 15 In this episode Ross moves in to his new apartment and already gets into trouble with his neighbours. Although he is absolutely right. It is pretty funny though how he plans to throw a party for everyone to learn how great he is or how he eats the cake and is caught doing it because of all the cream on his lips

Monica and Chandlert have a conflict. And I don't see how he is wrong at it. Monica is indeed obsessed with marriage and babies. She dumped a guy she "loved" because the idea of kids is more important to her than being with someone she loves. So why should Chandler believe that she sees him as something else than potential sperm donor? Of course at the end he showed how whipped and dumb he is when he proposed to her....

And there is some nice humor in the tiny girlfriend of Joey that hits him. Especially in the scene where her and Rachel are hitting each other and Rachel ends up kicking her!
/////Season 5A Episode 15 For a person who doesn't think too deeply about the movies/TV he consumes... I was kind of bothered by how the Monica/Chandler storyline had the potential to be really emotionally interesting but wasn't in the end, at all.

I've always been invested in Chandler, one of the few self-aware and self-critical characters on the show, and for this reason I've always found it a bit frustrating every time a story has him fail to be emotionally mature, in a way that ends up hurting him and those he cares about. (Like yeah, I know, it's a sitcom, and I certainly wouldn't expect any introspection or growth out of the other characters.) So when he reflexively puts barriers up at the prospect of long-term commitment and it hurts Monica - who makes it clear that his behaviour has consequences and explicitly challenges him to sort out his issues - there was potential! I mean, this is supposed to be the relationship we're all cheering for, that's supposed to bring out the best in both of them, right?

But no, they found a silly denouement that ends up ensconcing them in their existing roles. It becomes accepted that Monica has to babysit her boyfriend. It's disappointing.
/////Season 5A Episode 15 In Chandlers apartment whilst he is getting weird with Monica about their relationship, there's a guy stood in the corner near the window with a white coat on. It could be Joey but the hair is different. Has anyone else noticed it?
/////Season 5A Episode 15 There are 3 separate stories running concurrently throughout this episode and every one of them is a dud.

Firstly Ross has just moved into his new apartment and hasn't even had time to settle in before the head of the tenants committee comes knocking and informs Ross about the retirement of the Handyman who's been working in the building for 25 years so everyone is apparently chipping in $100 and Ross is expected to just follow suit. Naturally he balks at the idea and this makes Ross a pariah with the rest of the tenants. As if this wasn't bad enough, none of his so called friends is willing to back him on this issue and instead it's suggested he just give in. Seriously? None of this is funny and I think the fact he was even asked is the height of rudeness. For some reason it's supposed to be funny for Ross to throw his own "partay" where he intends to sit everyone down and point out his principals. Really? The whole segment just really got under my skin.

Secondly Joey is dating a girl who's into this whole ridiculous playful hitting/punching thing that girls sometimes do. In this instance, the punches are not really playful, they're painful blows that are landing in the one spot on Joey's arm or shoulder and of course it hurts. So not only is joey made fun of by the group, as soon as this girl does the same thing with Rachel, she realises that these punches do indeed hurt and Rachel ends up kicking her in the shin. After Joey refuses to do anything about it, the relationship effectively ends as the girl walks out. I never got the whole punching thing and why it was ever considered funny. I always thought it was a stupid storyline. Joey feeling the need to wear 6 sweaters at the one time for protective padding is also not funny, it's dumb.

Thirdly we have Chandler acting more immature than usual in that he feels Monica has "baby fever" and starts to distance himself from the whole "pressure cooker" as he calls it and they end up fighting. He approaches Monica with the idea of "tell me what to do, I'll do it and you'll think I'm all cute again". It's stupid, it's not funny and while we can agree that Chandler may not be the most mature man, this episode just paints him as nothing more than a child. The funniest thing in the whole segment is when Chandler runs in to the apartment desperately seeking Monica and she's sitting in plain view the whole time. The scene really isn't that funny but it's the only part in the episode that I could at least smile at. Monica referring to Ross simply as "two divorces" is really a low act and perhaps my most hated line in this episode.

The whole episode is just dull and badly written from start to finish. None of the storylines make any sense and while comedies generally take situations to the extreme in order to make them funny, this just takes generally annoying sets of circumstances and desperately tries to make them funny. It tries too hard to be funny and it never ceased to amaze me how this supposedly close-knit group of friends never really supported each other. With friends like these you won't need enemies.
/////Season 5A Episode 15 Aside from the very beginning of the episode being pretty funny and the Monica/Chandler plot being at least decent, I honestly kind of hated this episode. I hated the Ross plot cause when Ross understandably doesn't pay $100 to some handyman he doesn't even know, everyone treats him horribly for doing so. It's just frustrating to watch and the Joey plot isn't much better. Joey gets a new girlfriend who hits him too hard and when he tells his friends about it, they're making fun of him for it. Rachel kicking Katie was satisfying and funny though. Overall, with 2 awful plots and 1 decent one, it's pretty clear that this is one of the worst episodes of Friends.
/////Season 5A Episode 15 Domestic violence is not funny imagine Joey hitting her and the character would be written out,Plus Ross was 100% right in not giving money he had just moved in and they treat him like crap.
/////Season 5A Episode 15 Ross has found out about Chandler and Monica's relationship and is angry. Although, when he finds out that they are in love with each other he is happy with their relationship. Joey is dating a girl that keeps on hitting him (although the hitting is friendly, they punches are still quite hard). Ross finishes moving into his new apartment and the President of the Tenants Committee asks for a $100 donation (for the handyman who is retiring), as a thank you. Ross does not want to give the money as he just moved in and it's against his principles. Because everyone in the building now hates Ross, he decides to have a party to get the people in the building to like him again, but no one comes. Chandler gets all worried about commitment when everyone is joking about him and Monica getting married and having children so he gets into a fight with Monica about commitment. To say sorry he proposes to Monica but Monica makes him realize how stupid that is. Joey eventually breaks up with Katie.
/////Season 5A Episode 15 Ross is asked to chip in a hundred dollars for the building's handyman's retirement gift. Ross says he does not even know the guy. This causes the whole building to dislike him.

Joey has a new girl who likes to hit him. Rachel says she is a cute little thing that you can put in your pocket.

Chandler proposes to Monica. The gang makes him think again and they all laugh about it.
/////Season 5A Episode 15 The overall plotline with Ross and his neighbours does not only feel flat but it sets Phoebe in a terrible light. Phoebe is usually a good friend but in this episode, she is absolutely terrible and the worst friend to Ross. She sides with the neighbours and "chips in" just to make the story somewhat funny and make Ross look like a complete loser. It kind of makes me hate her a little bit. Just to get to stay in the party she "talks" to people to make Ross look good but Phoebe is a person I would throw right in front of a car in this episode. And the fact that Joey can't stand up for himself for that very boring and unfunny storyline with that girl.... it's just... meh whatever this season is just terrible
/////Season 5A Episode 16 This is a pretty good episode. The story of Ross's couch is a total winner. The scenes where him and Rachel try to get it up the stairs are too funny, also when Chandler is added to it. And Ross yelling "Pivot" makes one laugh. How it ends is hilarious as well, Ross was great in the last scene at the furniture store

The way Joey tries to get a relationship with someone who was his friend first is a great story as well. The way he tells Rachel that he is hitting on her because he "saw her first" was a great joke

The story of Phoebe and the batch is a good idea as well. And the new character seems very nice and fitting well into the show
/////Season 5A Episode 16 After Joey saw Monica and Chandler doing a crossword together, he dreams about non-sexual closeness with her; they stop him moving out, and suggest their relationship probably looks so appealing because it started as friendship; so Joey transfers his interest to Rachel, who isn't interested. Phoebe finds a wallet with NYPD badge at Central Perk; after Chandler points out playing cop with real people is a serious crime, she decides to bring it to the police station, but pulls it a last time on her way- to the real cop, Gary. Ross buys a couch, refuses to pay almost as much for delivery just three blocks, but can't manage getting it up the staircase with Rachel; Chandler as third man just gets caught, the couch gets it even worse. Everyone is scared when Gary shows up, but he only wants to take Phoebe out.
/////Season 5A Episode 16 Joey has a dream about Monica. He sees Chandler and Monica and wishes he was able to have a relationship as close as they do.

Phoebe finds a police badge under the couch's cushions. She uses it to do good deeds. She flashes the badge at one man who is actually an officer. Later that officer comes to the apartment asking for Phoebe Buffay. He pretends to let her go and she doesn't have to go to jail. He is there to actually ask her out because she is the prettiest undercover prostitute he has seen.

Ross buys a couch and the sales associate says Rachel is way better looking and too good for Ross. Ross is not that great. Ross sees the delivery fee and says he will take it himself.
/////Season 5A Episode 17 This is a hilarious episode. I really like Rachel's story. Seeing her having all those mishaps on her interviews was very amusing. The part with kissing, when she thought that Mr. Zelner wants to kiss her and when she was trying to convince him to take her. I must say I also really liked Steve Ireland, the guy that plays Mr. Zelner

The story of Monica being upset that her and Chandler are not in the beginning of the relationship and trying to compete with Phoebe and Gary for being the hot couple. Like how she was telling them everything and even following Chandler to the men's bathroom!

The story with Joey trying to find the girl in Ross's building but always ending up at Ross's apartment is well done as well. "I can't believe I almost lost another girl because of counting". I love that quote!

And Ross's "watching TV" bit was pretty cool as well. He is such a nerd, I love him for it
/////Season 5A Episode 17 Phoebe claims that she and Gary are the hotter couple than Monica and Chandler. Monica wants to prove her wrong by having more sex with Chandler. Rachel has an interview for a job at Ralph Lauren. Joey flirts across the street with a girl in Ross' building but he can't find her apartment. Rachel screws up her interview by mistakenly kissing the guy doing the interview. Joey can't find the girl but Ross meets her and asks her out. Rachel gets the job despite her inappropriate behaviour. Monica is so obsessed about being the hotter couple because she is afraid they're past the phase where they're all over each other. Chandler thinks the phase they're in now is much more exciting because they actually have a real relationship and it's working out perfectly.
/////Season 5A Episode 17 Joey sees a hot girl in Ross's building from the window who smiles at him. She is blonde and pretty.

Ross meets her later by the mail boxes and they agree to meet up. Her eyes are gorgeous.

Monica feels she needs to beat the officer and Phoebe on which couple is hotter. She gets Chandler to have lots of sex with her.
/////Season 5A Episode 18 The problem for me with series 5 of 'Friends' is that there always seems to be one weak story that spoils an episode.

Here it's the title story, that's very weak indeed.

The joy of watching these on DVD is that you can skip such stories I guess.
/////Season 5A Episode 18 Rachel wears a beautiful beige outfit. She now works at Ralph Lauren where her co-workers smoke.

Phoebe is in charge of cups and ice and she outdoes Monica. She even has snow cones.

Ben got offered an audition when walking at the park with his parents. Joey tags along to try to get the part of the dad.
/////Season 5A Episode 18 Joey is envious when Ross' son Ben gets an audition for a commercial, but is delighted to hear there also is a role for the boy's father, so he teams up with his godchild; both pass the first round. Everybody is hoping for free stuff, now that Rachel is starting her job with Ralph Lauren. Phoebe suggests they throw an intimate dinner as a surprise birthday party for Rachel, a month in advance, but Monica quickly takes over in grand style; Phoebe insists on being in charge of something, so she gets cups and ice. Rachel quickly finds that her boss Kim and collaborators tend to make all decisions on the balcony during smoking breaks, so after trying just to join them - which doesn't get her close enough - she adopts the terrible habit her dad, a doctor, always warned against with true horror stories. After Ben and Joey are selected for the final cut, Joey is told their lack of physical resemblance means they will be paired with different actors, and only one of them will be cast.
/////Season 5A Episode 19 "The One Where Ross Can't Flirt" is according to me the best episode of "Friends" or, if not, one of the best ones. And it's extremely difficult to choose an episode better than the other because, as everyone knows, each episode of this wonderful show is fantastic.

The plot of this episode is absolutely excellent ! Ross trying to flirt with Caitlin, the pizza delivery girl, talking of gas, Joey wanting to show his acting talent to his Italian grandmother and noticing that his scene has been cut, Rachel and Phoebe looking for Monica's ear rings and, of course, Chandler's hilarious jokes as usual to make this episode touch the perfection !
/////Season 5A Episode 19 I love all the episodes where theyre all together in the same apartment for most of the episode, its where the atmosphere is the best and they drop the funniest lines. Watching this show will forever be a comfort!
/////Season 5A Episode 19 One of the greatest episodes of Friends ever - had to review this because it was on TV in a re-run. "Why is it great?" The situational comedy and Chandlerisms and Phoebisms are all funny, but there's so much more. The greatest achievement: *three* plot lines - Ross & Caitlin the pizza girl, the earrings Monica lent to Phoebe who lent them to Rachel who lost them, Joey's "big role" in Law & Order - that all get pretty much equal time and are all pretty much equally funny. Now writing that is *hard*. Plus, there is insight into male psychology when Chandler tells Monica how men perceive flirting... and one of the appearances of the infamous Jennipple(s) that was the subject of so much talk way back in the day. What is there not to like?

The only thing that prevents this from achieving the full 10/10 that is lack of originality - all the elements are familiar, there's no real innovation here. But hey, perfectness is *really* hard to achieve.
/////Season 5A Episode 19 Ross's flirting in this episode is just great. All the talk about gas and how he likes 8 year old boys. It is also great how he is trying to practise his flirting skills on Phoebe but it doesn't work out too good either. And it is very sweet how Rachel helps him out. There is a bit sexism in it with Chandler's attitude on how he can flirt but Monica can't. The bad part is that the people making the show seem to support that

The story with earrings is pretty good too. Especially the ending when Chandler doesn't even notice that those are different earrings.

I also like Joey's grandma in it and his tape that he made. Hilarious how he even wears the same clothes and uses the duck in his action scene. And of course grandma's English skills are funny too. As Chandler said "She can't say "hello" but she knows "Capricorn 1"
/////Season 5A Episode 19 Joey invites his nonni over (grandma). She only speaks Italian and we get to hear Joey and Phoebe speak Italian to her. She is excited to watch Joey but they actually cut his scene out. Joey doesn't know what to do because his nonni lives for his acting career. She almost died when she found out Joey was no longer Dr. Drake Ramoray.

Ross is horrible at flirting but likes the pizza girl named Caitlin. He said he noticed her before and thought she's so sexy and cute. Rachel runs out to go tell her for him that Ross is interested. Rachel gives Ross her number.
/////Season 5A Episode 19 First, Ross takes Chandler's natural joking with pizza delivery girl Caitlin for flirting behind Monica's back, and actually tells her just as they celebrate their 10-month anniversary, which starts a discussion on whether flirting by men is innocent, but not by females. Then Ross decides to demonstrate his flirtatious talent, which the others know to be abysmal; even conquering Rachel took him nine years. Meanwhile, Joey brings over Nonnie, his Italian grandmother who doesn't speak any English but was his only relative who always believed in his career, to watch a "Law and Order" episode in which Joey has a small role. Once he realizes his scene has actually been cut out, everyone tries to fool her and thus spare her heartbreak. Phoebe can't return Monica's earrings, a gift from Chandler she wants to wear that evening, because Rachel borrowed and lost them, as usual. Ross's flirting lessons turn out to be of the 'how not to do it' variety, but Rachel takes pity on him.
/////Season 5A Episode 20 The story with the sandwich is pretty silly. But it has good moments as well. Like when Joey gets all upset when Chandler inhales the air around the sandwich and Chandler exhales it. Or when he gives Chandler a bite from his sandwich as a sign of being good friends

I liked Rachel in this episode. Doing the right thing and being a total contrast to the selfish, controlling Monica.

The star of the episode is Ross, no questions about that. Him in the car with Gary saying that he is more cop than others because he seats in the front and is more like Gary's "partner" was great. And also how he ended up at the back seat. But the best of course was his "surving", the message to himself and how he now wanted to live his life to the fullest. he made me laugh all the time
/////Season 5A Episode 20 When Phoebe tells the friends that Gary took her along in a police patrol car, the boys insist to make a ride with him too - and get it that very night. Monica decides that's a perfect opportunity to catalog the photos most methodically, but one touch by Rachel undoes all her work; for comfort, she sends Rachel to Ross's place for margarita ingredients, but while there she overhears Emily on the answering machine express doubt about whether she and Ross were right to call off their marriage. Rachel is reluctant to erase the message as Monica insists, but accidentally pushes that button. She decides to wait for Ross and let him decide, but seeing he intends to call Emily, she stops him. Leave it to Joey to focus on 'the best sandwich in the world' that he picks up on the way, but isn't allowed to eat in the patrol car as it drips. When the boys confuse a car backfiring with a gunshot, Joey dives in front of Ross, leading Gary to call him heroic police material. Chandler is vexed.
/////Season 5A Episode 20 The guys want to go with the officer for a ride-along after hearing Phoebe got to. They hear a loud sound like a shot. They thought it was a gun shot and reacted to it as if it was but it was just a car backfiring.

Rachel and Monica go to Ross's and hears the message left by Emily. Emily is getting married and she is wondering if her and Ross gave up too soon.

Ross has a new appreciation to life. He says he wants to experience every moment and take every opportunity.

Rachel stays in his apartment to tell him Emily's deleted message. Ross thanks her and Rachel got him to not call Emily.
/////Season 5A Episode 21 Not a good episode.

All three story lines were pretty bad and far from funny The one with the cat was just dumb. Joey's "this is not a cat" was just annoying and never a good joke. Gunther asking if it was a snake, are you kidding me? Maybe the only good part of this story is that it shows people that supporting breeders instead of adopting free cats is a dumb idea, but I don't think this was a point of the episode

The story of Phoebe and Gary was not funny either. And him killing a bird in the end was not funny too. I guess they just wanted to show how little they knew each other to move in together but it didn't work for me

And the story with the ball had potential but it never hit it. Monica just ruined the game and that was it
/////Season 5A Episode 21 Gary wants to ask Phoebe to move in with him. Phoebe is freaked because it's so soon and asks Chandler to make him afraid of commitment so Gary won't ask her. Joey and Ross throw a ball back and forth without dropping it for hours. Rachel buys a very expensive naked cat. Monica joins the boys in their ball throwing game. Rachel's cat isn't as cute as Rachel thought it would be but the store won't take it back. Phoebe agrees to move on with Gary. Rachel sells the cat for $1,500 to poor Gunther. . Phoebe breaks up with Gary because he shot a bird. Monica, Chandler, Joey and Ross have been throwing the ball all night when Phoebe puts down the ball, refusing to play.
/////Season 5A Episode 21 The officer wants Phoebe to move in with him. Joey and Ross try to see how long they can toss the ball to each other without dropping it. Monica calls in sick to play with them. When Rachel is told they have been going on for about 3 h, she says wow what a waste of time. Rachel gets a sphinx cat which she later wants to sell.
/////Season 5A Episode 22 The story of Phoebe being angry at Ross is pretty funny. She doesn't remember why, but she is really mad and even has a list with Ross's name on it. And I love how they find out that it was because of something that happened in her dream. When she twicks his arm to make sure that he isn't sleeping now, it is so Phoebe!

It is also very funny how Joey uses Phoebe's "fast answer" technique and asks Ross if he wants to sleep with Monica or Rachel. And when Ross tells him that he is sick he thins that it is because of his history with Rachel

Just want to point out that Monica gave Chandler permission to go to Las Vegas in this episode. Thats how controlling she is and Chandler put up with the abuse

And I also loved the scene where everyone jumps on Rachel to put drops in here eyes
/////Season 5A Episode 22 Joey is excited to get the lead in a thriller, Shutterspeed, so he and Chandler decide to drive to Las Vegas where it's being shot, in Phoebe's late grandma's cab. Monica sees to it that terrified Rachel gets a glaucoma-test and the necessary eye-drops, whatever that takes. Phoebe is furious at Ross, but won't say why, or doesn't even remember. The instant answers-technique Phoebe taught Joey, to choose between two routes, makes Chandler blurt out he doesn't believe it's going to be Joey's big break as he gets no pay, just 1% of profit. The indignant star-to-be throws him out on New York's George Washington bridge. Chandler feels terribly guilty, but when Joey arrives.
/////Season 5A Episode 22 Joey is to go to Vegas for a movie. Chandler and him are preparing to go together.

Phoebe is mad at Ross but forgot why. Phoebe introduces a game where they have to answer as fast as possible. Joey asks Ross if he would rather sleep with Monica or Phoebe. Ross calls him sick and Joey apologizes that he forgot Rachel and him had history.

Joey kicks Chandler out of the taxi cab on the George Washington bridge. Chandler comes back to the cafe with a bag of garbage.

Rachel has a red eye and is taken to Monica's eye doctor. Rachel has a fear of things getting close to eyes and refuses to take the eye drops. Monica has to sit on top of her to try to put the drops in. Rachel says wow if Joey and Chandler walked in right now they would be making a lot of money.

At the end the whole gang has to wrestle with Rachel to get her to sit still and Monica puts the drops in. Monica says okay we will see you in 3-4 hours!
/////Season 5A Episode 23 It is great to see the friends going on another trip. And it is even greater to see how Phoebe invited herself to go with Monica and Chandler! She is still upset about not being in London, I am glad the writers brought it into the story. It makes it even funnier. Like when she was making a list of Vegas vs. London to see which trip is better

The story on how Monica saw Richard is alright. I don't agree with Chandler who forbade her to see Richard, people doing it in relationships deserve to be dumped. But it is interesting that she had an issue with it. She has no problem to control him

Loved the story of Rachel trying to be naked in the apartment and Ross thinking that it is an invitation to "the physical act of love". He was hilarious when he came over and started throwing off his shoes!
/////Season 5A Episode 23 Joey calls Phoebe; refusing to take Chandler's apologies for not believing in his film, he barks for him to not come over- he's working as a gladiator in armor in a Vegas casino. Monica tells Phoebe, who may not tell Chandler, that she met and lunched with Richard, but felt nothing. Monica decides to give Chandler one anniversary present a day early: tickets for Las Vegas; Phoebe insists everyone goes, to make up for her missing London. Ross and Rachel have previous engagements but decide to follow the next day. As Phoebe put the idea in her head, Rach tests out walking around alone and naked; Ross sees her and comes over, thinking it was a sexual invitation; this misunderstanding escalates on the plane to embarrassing each-other in outrageous ways. In Vegas, Joey must admit he's just earning cash while the movie is delayed lacking funds. Chandler and Monica fight whether she may see Richard again. Joey loses his only tip in one hand, but thinks he'll make a fortune because he found.
/////Season 5A Episode 23 Monica, Chandler and Phoebe fly to Vegas first to meet Joey. They see him at the Caesar's Hotel and Joey admits he is working there until his movie gets up again.

Rachel is alone in the apartment and decides to take off her blue robe. She dances in front of the mirror and Ross can see her in his apartment. He assumes it is to entice him for a one night stand. He goes over and starts acting weird. Rachel explains she didn't get naked for him.

Rachel and Ross fly to Vegas together. They start trying to embarrass the other. Monica and Chandler are tense because Monica went out with Richard for lunch.
/////Season 5A Episode 24 Reading what people have to say about Joey's hand twin story I know that it is not a popular one. So I am in the minority but I love it! Joey harassing that poor man was making me laugh and how excited he was! "How much would you pay to see this hand twice?!". And the song he sings makes me laugh whenever I see this episode, I even end up singing it after

Story of Phoebe and the lurker is a bit lame. I am pretty bored when Phoebe comes up in this episode

But Ross and Rachel completely take this episode! How they were in the plane and he drew on her! And them getting drunk in the hotel room until they go out and have a night full of adventures that leads to one of the best season finale's in friends. In my opinion it is even better than the one where Ross says "Rachel"
/////Season 5A Episode 24 I thoroughly enjoyed the entire Vegas premise. The concept of Joey trekking across the US to be in a movie that gets canceled the second he arrives is a very "Joey" thing to happen; however, this is the episode where the writing in "Friends" converts Joey from "lovable not-book-smart dim-bulb artist" to "fully mentally challenged adult." From this episode forward, Joey pretty much functions as a mentally challenged adult. He doesn't know how to pay his bills. He picks a roommate based on the fact that he wants to date her not even thinking about what happens if they break up. He fights with an infant over a stuffed animal. And here, he's obsessed with his "identical hand twin," which sounds so ridiculous I would have loved to have heard that pitch in the writer's room. There was nothing wrong with a character who is all looks and no brains. Joey wouldn't be the first one of those on TV, but to make him some kind of idiot savant ... this was the beginning of the end of the show.
/////Season 5A Episode 24 Rachel and Ross arrive in Vegas and Rachel wears a green cardigan and skinny pants. She has a moustache doodle on her face. Later Ross calls the company and it is permanent.

Monica keeps winning with rolling dice. Chandler and her decide to get married if Monica rolls an 8. One of the dice could be a 4 or 5 and they both decide it is 4. Monica wants to find something blue so they go to the gift shop and steal a blue Caesar's Palace sweater.

They go to a little chapel and see Ross and Rachel come in, drunk with doodles on their face. Monica wears the stolen sweater.
/////Season 5A Episode 24 Monica gambles instead of making up with Chandler. While Rachel is sleeping Ross draws a beard and a mustache on her face. Rachel is really upset because it won't come off anymore. Monica and Chandler make up when Monica tells him she won't see Richard anymore and that Chandler is the love of her life. Rachel doesn't want to leave her room so Ross and Rachel get drunk and play blackjack in Ross' room. Monica and Chandler win big in the casino. They bet that if they win the next round they will get married right now and... they win! Ross and Rachel are very drunk and leave the room with both their faces drawn on. When Chandler and Monica go to get married, Rachel and Ross come out of the chapel very drunk - and married.
/////Season 6A Episode 1A Monica and Chandler decide to marry in Vegas. When they go to the Chapel, they see Ross and Rachel going out of the Chapel, completely drunk and married.

In the morning, Ross and Rachel wake up in the same bed, with a bad hangover and without remembering what happened in the day before.

Chandler and Monica feel that their idea of getting married was because they were excited,specially after seeing Ross and Rachel getting married. They both want to tell to each other about forgetting the idea of marrying in Vegas, but they both don't know how to tell.

Phoebe goes to new york with Joey in her cab, since he asked her to be his company. The problem is that Joey asks a complete stranger to drive the cab while he and Phoebe are sleeping, making Phoebe stays mad and disappointed with their trip.(Joey promised her that the trip would be awesome)

Ross and Rachel start to fight, specially because Ross doesn't want to divorce Rachel, since it would be his third divorce in a roll.
/////Season 6A Episode 1A The episode begins with the great scene where Ross and Rachel run out of the chapel and then each goes in a different direction. But then we get some more fun: we see Joey and Phoebe run by Chandler and Monica right into the chapel! And the morning after when we see Rachel and Ross waking up and then later find out what they did.

It gets so much better when Ross decides that he doesn't want to get a third divorce and tries to convince Rachel to stay married. His arguments for it are so ridiculous and so funny in a crazy way

Phoebe and Joey's trip back home in a cab has it's good moments too, like when she wakes up and sees another guy driving it
/////Season 6A Episode 1A Ross and Rachel wake up in Vegas and find themselves married in this fun first episode from the 6th series.

The reaction from Ross is a bit weird, but when it's all so well played you almost forget the flaws.

The Monica and Chandler plot is fun too, with some nice lines/moments, but the one with Joey/Phoebe is a bit thin and doesn't really go anywhere.

Good overall though.
/////Season 6A Episode 1A Rachel and Ross wake up - together - in bed. They wonder if they had sex. Rachel and Ross come down to join the gang at the breakfast buffet. Rachel wears a beautiful flowery spaghetti strap dress.

Phoebe goes home with Joey in her grandma's taxi cab. They pick up a hitchhiker.

Chandler and Monica both secretly don't want to rush into marriage but don't want to tell the other. There are so many signs related to marriage though.

Ross wants to stay married. He doesn't want to be that guy who gets divorced. He can't have three failed marriages he says. Rachel wears a baby blue cami when he tells her he got the annulment done. Rachel goes to get her sweater to go to the movies and Ross tells Phoebe they are still married.
/////Season 6A Episode 1A I love this episode. It's so hilarious. Even though it centers on Rachel and Ross, and their relationship, I still love this episode. In case you can't tell, I don't like Rachel and Ross.

In this episode, Rachel and Ross wake up realize that they're married. That's right. They got married in a Las Vegas chapel, when Chandler and Monica were going to. Meanwhile, since Joey's movie is officially cancelled, which makes me quite sad, because I thought it was going to be his big break, he and Phoebe drive Phoebe's grandmother's cab, back to New York City. Along the way, they pick up a hitchhiker, well Joey does. Phoebe was asleep. Phoebe and the hitchhiker actually end up having a fun road trip, whilst Joey was sentenced to sitting in the back. Chandler realizes after almost getting married to Monica, that their relationship is going to fast. But he doesn't know how to tell her. But it turns out that Monica feels the exact same way. So instead of getting married, they decide to move in together. Ross decides to not get his marriage to Rachel annulled, after thinking about the fact that this would be his third failed marriage. Instead, he tells Rachel that he did get it annulled. Which she shouldn't believe, because you need both parties to be there to sign the papers.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10.
/////Season 6A Episode 2A I love this episode. It's so good. It's one of my favorite episodes. Mainly because Rachel is quite stupid in it.

In this episode, Monica and Chandler decide it's time for them to move in together. They mean, in Monica's apartment, just them, no one else. When they tell Rachel, she automatically assumes that they are all going to be living there. I feel bad for her, because she didn't even figure it out. Monica tries to work up the courage to tell Rachel how it's actually going to work. And when she does, Monica is crushed that Rachel isn't more upset. Monica was expecting tears and hugs and lots of things like that. But Rachel was quite fine. Joey, on the other hand, was deeply crushed. He was so sad. But Rachel wasn't sad because she doesn't think it will actually happen, and that they'll back out. When Monica assures her that they will be moving in together, Rachel gets upset and starts crying. Ross decides to get the annulment because people think he's still in love with Rachel. When he goes to get their marriage annulled, he finds out that Rachel needs to be there, to sign papers. Of course she would. I can't believe she was stupid enough to believe that Ross got it on his own. So, he needs to tell her the truth. When he goes to tell her, Rachel is upset, so instead of telling her, Ross just gives her a hug instead.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10.
/////Season 6A Episode 2A Phoebe insists that Ross loves Rachel, and Ross tells Phoebe that he didn't ask the annulment of his and Rachel's marriage. Phoebe doesn't agree with the situation, but Ross makes her promise to keep this secret for a while.

Ross' lawyer advices him to do therapy because of his divorce issues and tells Ross that Rachel needs to be present for the annulment,making Ross stays in a terrible situation, since he told Rachel that he asked the annulment.

Chandler and Monica are nervous to tell Joey and Rachel about Chandler moving to Monica's house. Joey stays upset when Chandler tells him that he is going to live with Monica, but Rachel thinks that they three will live in Monica's house. When Monica tells Rachel that only Monica and Chandler are going to live in the house, Rachel accepts without any problem, making Monica think that Rachel doesn't care about their friendship(Specially because Joey stayed very upset to know that Chandler will move).

Rachel tells Monica that she doesn't cry because she doesn't believe that Chandler and Monica are in fact going to live together, but Monica tells her that it is going to happen for real.
/////Season 6A Episode 2A I love the scene where Ross tells Phoebe that he didn't get the annulment. He looks almost crazy in it the way he talks

I also like how Phoebe gets those three girls tell Ross that him having three divorces would not stop them from dating him

And the scene where he talks to his divorce lawyer is perfect. The dialogue is great

The sad thing is that Chandler is now moving in with that witch and the whole Chandler/Joey fun will not appear that often. And in this episode she again confesses that from now on she will control him. I felt bad for Joey but the nicknames that he was inventing for him and Chandler were just great.

And I also felt sorry for Rachel. Both because she now has to move because of someone else's relationship and because her "best friend" is the nasty Monica who even wanted Rachel to feel bad
/////Season 6A Episode 2A I'm not sure I share other reviewers enthusiasm for this episode enough to give it 10/10, but it is sweet/enjoyable enough.

The opening scene with the taxi and another with Ross at his divorce lawyers are the stand out moments for me.
/////Season 6A Episode 2A Ross goes to get the annulment done with his lawyer who tells him he has never seen more business with a client.

Ross hugs Rachel tightly and its so sweet. She is so tiny against him. Rachel cries because it hit her that she is really not going to be living with Monica anymore after Monica told her it will definitely go through.

Joey recaps the events - Ross x Rachel got married, Chandler x Monica almost got married. Joey wonders if Phoebe and him should hook up. Phoebe makes up a story about how the gang will be paired up in the future.
/////Season 6A Episode 3A I love this episode. It is just so funny.

In this episode, there are two main plot points. One is that Ross is in serious denial about Rachel. He's trying to convince himself that he's not in love with her, which he totally is. Ross still hasn't told Rachel that they're still married. He's so stupid. How did he ever think that he could get an annulment without her being there? How dumb is he? I mean, that's like going and changing someone else's name without them being there. Come on, man. Phoebe's trying to convince him that he still loves Rachel and that's why he won't tell her about them still being married. Meanwhile, Chandler and Monica are trying to decide what to do with Rachel's old room, now that she's moved into Chandler's old room, in Joey's apartment. Monica wants the room to be an elegant guest room and Chandler wants it to be a game room. I'd totally go with the game room.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10.
/////Season 6A Episode 3A Rachel is seeing new places to move, and when she tells Phoebe that she would like to live with her, Phoebe tells that she lives with Denise, her roommate. Phoebe stays angry that nobody pays attention on the things she says.

Ross tells Rachel to move to his house, making her very happy, and making Phoebe insisting that he likes her.

Joey also invites Rachel to live in his house, thinking that he is helping Ross (But in fact, letting Ross very angry, since he wants Rachel living with him). Ross still didn't tell Rachel about the annulment, but he tells Phoebe that he doesn't want to upset her even more since she is moving and having to do a lot of stuff.

Monica and Chandler fight because they have different ideas for Rachel's ex room: Monica wants it to become a guest room, while Chandler wants it to become a game room.
/////Season 6A Episode 3A I liked the Phoebe and Ross scenes here, they were the highlight of another nice episode of the show..

It doesn't all work - the Monica/Chandler storyline grated on me a bit, but one the whole two stories do provide solid laughs (the other being Joey's) so that's good enough for me.
/////Season 6A Episode 3A Joey offers to let Rachel be his roommate. He tells her there are naked Thursdays.

Ross offers to let Rachel live with him.

Joey makes an ad asking for a female. Joey mentions there is no difference between a19-year-old male or female. A pretty brunette comes in and he asks if she will have friends coming over and partying. She replies she is not much of a partier.

The brunette comes in again and Joey asks her to answer questions. End off the following words: G - she replies string. Doggie - she replies kitties and Joey escorts her out.
/////Season 6A Episode 3A So now we get to see Joey and Rachel looking for a new roommate. I liked Joey's ad "non smoker, non ugly", Rachel wasn't too impressed though when she found it in the paper. Also his interviews to his potential female roommates were good, almost creepy

Chandler and Monica are having fights overt the room. Must say, I need to give credit to Monica's character. She was her annoying self throughout the fights but then she gave in on letting Chandler having his chair. This is better for her character because it stops one from hating her like in most other episodes

Ross was too funny at his talks with Monica and Chandler

And I also liked Phoebe's song about the "Little Black Curly Hair"
/////Season 6A Episode 4A Joey's story is pretty amusing in this episode. Especially when his hernia comes and he has to get through his auditions in pain. The one where he talks to a kid and sticks his hand into the pants was awesome. And also when he plays the dying man and the kid refuses to cry. Good job of Chandler to bring the annoying kid to tears!

Ross's story is pretty good too because it so unexpected and out of nowhere. Suddenly we hear him speak with a British accent! Very good scene where he has to explain it to his class and Rachel runs in angry because she found out that she is still his wife

Phoebe's story isn't so great, but it is very small so it doesn't ruin the episode
/////Season 6A Episode 4A I love this episode. It's so funny, it really is.

In this episode, Phoebe visits her psychic, like she always does, and her psychic says that she is going to die in a week. But the psychic didn't tell her that until the end of the session, so she couldn't ask any questions, and she wasn't going to waste what little time she had left, asking questions. So she goes and tells the gang and says she's got to make good of what time she had left, and that she really had to start living life, so she sits down and reads a magazine. Meanwhile, Ross gets a job as a guest lecturer and pretends to have a fake British accent. Joey loses his health insurance, which leads to some pretty funny moments. And Rachel finally finds out that she and Ross are still married.

Overall, I give this episode a 9 out of 10.
/////Season 6A Episode 4A Rachel is moving to Ross' house and discovers that she still is married to him, since Phoebe told her in a lapse.

Phoebe goes to a psychic that tells her that she is going to die soon,making her stay completely neurotic.

Joey has hernia, and his benefits of health insurance expired because he didn't work enough last year. He searches for Estelle and asks her to help him to get more jobs(He wasn't getting jobs because Estelle badmouth him to a lot of people).

The Head from the paleontology department from the NYU asks Ross to be their guest lecturer as a temporary, but if they like Ross he could get the job as a full time. Ross has a lot of success in his first class, and Rachel and Monica go visit him while he is giving his class. When they arrive in his class, they see Ross speaking with a British accent. Ross tells them that he uses the accent to have more success in his classes and also because the class are less boring in this way.
/////Season 6A Episode 4A This is one of my favourite Series 6 episodes, with all of the stories working well.

It was lovely to see a Joey/Chandler storyline, with Matt LeBlanc and Matthew Perry working so well together.

The other stories offer up lots of laughs too. Even Monica wasn't annoying!

A good episode.
/////Season 6A Episode 4A Phoebe says that her psychic told her she is going to die this week. Phoebe says she has to start living her life.

Joey did not work enough last year so he no longer has health insurance. He goes to auditions and it is hilarious seeing his auditions.

Phoebe says it is a long time to wait for death in life.

Ross is invited to teach at NYU as a guest lecturer. He fakes an accent to help with his nervousness. Monica talks in a fake Irish accent and Rachel talks in a fake Scottish accent.

Phoebe's psychic died.

Rachel wears a red plaid top and has her hair half up. She gets a call from Ross's lawyer and finds out that they aren't divorced.

Rachel storms into the lecture Ross is giving and makes a scene.
/////Season 6A Episode 5A Rachel is angry that Ross didn't tell anything to her about the fact that they were still married. Phoebe pretends to be shocked, but Ross tells Rachel and everybody else that Phoebe knew about that fact.

Ross insists to be married to Rachel, since he doesn't want his third divorce. Rachel and Ross go to the courthouse to ask their annulment. Since Rachel mocked Ross in the forms, they end up fighting in the courthouse and not getting the annulment . They now will need to divorce. (The judge is Bertha, from Two and a Half Men! LoL)

Rachel decides to live with Phoebe, since Denise, her roommate has traveled and only comes to New York after Christimas.

Joey finds a key from a Porsche in Central Perk. When he tries to open the car, he gets a lot of compliments and Pick up lines, making him pretend that he owns the Porsche.

Phoebe convinces Monica and Chandler to help her to take care of the triplets from Frank and Alice. Eventually Monica will need to take Chandler to the hospital, and Phoebe will need to take care of all the babies alone.
/////Season 6A Episode 5A I love this episode. It's so funny and it has so many different stories going on. Thankfully, not too many stories. Just the right amount.

In this episode, Frank Jr. and Alice let Phoebe babysit the triplets, and Phoebe cons Chandler and Monica into helping her, as she's never babysat them on her own. But then whilst watching the babies, Chandler swallows a toy and Monica has to take him to the emergency room, leaving Phoebe alone with the children. Then, she loses them in the apartment and has to find them. It's hilarious. Joey finds the keys to a Porsche and pretends it's his when attractive women walk past. He even goes so far as to wash the car, and then the owner shows up. He is also wearing ridiculous merchandise that no one who really owns a Porsche would wear. Rachel decides to take care of the divorce from Ross herself, because she doesn't trust him anymore. Neither would I. They go in front of a judge and it turns out that Rachel has said many things like, Ross is on drugs and couldn't consummate the marriage, on their annulment forms. The judge tells them that she won't give them an annulment, and that they have to get a divorce.

Overall, I give this episode a 9 out of 10.
/////Season 6A Episode 5A Joey loves the attention he gets from people who think the car he has is a Porsche.

Phoebe asks Chandler and Monica to help babysit the triplets.

Ross and Rachel go to the judge to get their annulment done. Rachel has written Ross does heroin and cannot consummate the marriage. Ross says he can definitely consummate right here and right now.

Rachel is reminded she went to London to stop Ross's wedding. They sign the papers and Ross leaves for his lawyer.
/////Season 6A Episode 6A I love this episode. It's one of my all-time favorite episodes from the entire series.

In this episode, it's the last night of Chandler and Joey living together, and the last night of Monica and Rachel living together. Chandler shows Joey how to pay bills, but he ends up having to pay for them, because Joey doesn't have enough money. But, since Joey won't accept the money, he and Chandler play a game, where Chandler purposely lets Joey win. But then Joey later plays it with Ross, and Ross wins all the money. I really think Ross should give the money back, since it was meant for Joey all along and it's a fake game. Meanwhile, Rachel hasn't packed, so she, Monica, and Phoebe spend their last night packing up her room. They get emotional about everything thing they pack. So Phoebe suggests thinking of things they won't miss, which gets Monica and Rachel into such a huge fight, that Rachel refuses to move. In the end, they make up and Rachel moves in with Phoebe and Chandler moves in with Monica.

Fun Fact: The first of ten episodes directed by David Schwimmer.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10.
/////Season 6A Episode 6A I like this episode. The last night of Monica and Rachel was pretty funny. Rachel came with a pretty good excuse of why she didn't pack,. she really knows her roommate. Only it is irritating that Ross and Phoebe couldn't get out. They don't even need an excuse. If Ross wants to watch basketball he should watch basketball, no matter what that nasty witch tells him to do.

The last night of Chandler and Joey was both funny and also very touching. Because those two were great friends and roommates and it is very sad to see it end. Very sweet how Chandler tried to give Joey money. The scene very Joey loses in football even though Chandler isn't playing is hilarious. And so is the whole playing Cups story. Chandler is a wonderful friend
/////Season 6A Episode 6A Now that Chandler moved to Monica's house, Joey needs to pay the apartment's bills for his own. The problem is that the bills are expensive and he doesn't have much money available to spend. Chandler tries to lend Joey some money in all ways he can, but he doesn't accept it and stays upset with Chandler insisting all the time.

It's Rachel's last day living in Monica's house and she didn't pack yet. Monica decides to help Rachel, and Phoebe is also designed to help them. Since Monica and Rachel are sad that Rachel is moving, Phoebe tells them to think in the things they didn't like in each other. What starts in an innocent way, ends with Monica and Rachel fighting with each other and happy that Rachel is going to move.

Chandler and Joey stay playing foosball in their last night together as roommates, until Chandler gives the idea of making money bets on the matches they play (It is Chandler strategy to give Joey some money, since Joey is proud and doesn't accept chandler's money and chandler sucks playing foosball).
/////Season 6A Episode 6A Chandler shows Joey the bills before he moves in with Monica. Chandler is worried about Joey and wants to give him money in a way he will take it because Joey refuses any charity.

Joey buys pizza and Chandler buys Chinese. Joey says it is cool they bought food that their ancestors created and Chandler is not even Chinese.

The girls are to have a last night out with dinner reservations but they are shocked to find Rachel's room still not packed up. Monica is happy to get to pack up for Rachel.

Ross wants to keep the 1500 dollars he believes he won from Joey. He is willing to play another round with Chandler and Chandler goes with it because he knows that it is set up for one person to win for sure.
/////Season 6A Episode 7A I love this episode. It's so funny. It's honestly just a great episode.

In this episode, Joey finds a new roommate. An attractive dancer from Australia, Janine and Joey is very excited for them to start living together. But you know Joey. He just wants to sleep with her. I say this in the nicest way possible. But then everyone advices him against flirting with her, because it would make things unnecessarily awkward. Meanwhile, Phoebe and Rachel go jogging together and Rachel is embarrassed by the way Phoebe runs. Rachel says anything she can to avoid going running with Phoebe again. But then Phoebe finds out that she's been running without her and was embarrassed by her, and they get into a fight. Until Rachel realizes that the way Phoebe runs is a lot more fun.

Overall, I give this episode a 9 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Amazing.
/////Season 6A Episode 7A Rachel moves to Phoebe's apartment and invites her(Phoebe) to run with her(Rachel) at the park. The problem is that Phoebe runs in a strange way, making Rachel stays ashamed to be near Phoebe. So Rachel pretends that she is hurt and cannot run anymore( But she goes run without Phoebe know).

Joey introduces Janine to the Friends, his new roommate. She is a hot dancer from Australia, and Joey accepted her to live with him specially because she is beautiful. Ross stays interested on her, making Joey angry. All the Friends tell Joey that he cannot go out with her now that they are living together, to avoid awkward moments. Joey never thought about that, and tries to not watch Janine doing her exercises or even touch her.

Chandler tries to make a surprise to Monica cleaning all their house, but Ross tells him that this surprise will make Monica angry, since she is neurotic about cleaning and organizing her stuff. Chandler stays desperate to put everything in the right place before Monica arrives home.
/////Season 6A Episode 7A This episode shows very well why I like Phoebe. While she is a caring human being who wants everyone to be happy she is also someone who doesn't give a damn what others think of her. She wants to run this way? Then this is how she runs! Great, the best female character of the show

Also I like the scene where her and Rachel record the message. Very funny

It is also very amusing how Chandler messes up the position of the things in the apartment and Ross scares him by saying that Monica will be mad. Ross's "OMG she is going to sit on you!" was said so perfectly!

The story about Joey and his new roommate was pretty boring
/////Season 6A Episode 7A Excellent episode!

Rachel and Phoebe, now that they are roommates, decide to go running together to the park. Phoebe runs so weird that Rachel doesn't want to go running with her anymore because she's embarrassing.

Joey gets a beautiful new roommate and does her best to avoid flirt her and that she falls in love with him. He thinks she's interested in him, but he's wrong.

Chandler cleans Monica's apartment to give him a surprise. Then he realizes that if he does not put everything in his place he will have problems, so using photos of the apartment tries to put everything back in its place.
/////Season 6A Episode 7A Phoebe and Rachel set up their voice message together and cannot decide who says which words. Rachel has on black leggings and a Nike top. She decides to go for an evening run and invites Phoebe to come along. Phoebe runs so weird though - she flails her legs and arms. Rachel is embarrassed.

Joey's new female roommate is hot, an Australian, Joey says her last name is beautiful (LeCroix), and she is a dancer. The guys all drool over her.

Joey walks in and his female roommate is stretching in a cami and tight bottoms. Joey walks into the bathroom and she explains she has to hang her delicates there - her thongs.

Chandler decides to clean the apartment for Monica. Ross comes in and says he has lived with Mon for 16 years - you have to put everything back exactly where it was.
/////Season 6A Episode 8A Why would someone say it's sexist? I'm still trying to figure this one out. Because they give Ross grief for putting on makeup? Because Joey has a hard time w potpourri and Ann Geddes pictures? I'd hardly call any of that sexist. Am I missing something? Because I'm pretty damn liberal, enlightened... voted for Hillary... have a rainbow bracelet....
/////Season 6A Episode 8A Chandler tells Joey that Janine's touch is not nice in the apartment, since his house is looking a girl house. He convinces Joey that he should let the apartment looking more masculine, but when Joey is going to talk to Janine, she shows him the advantages of the feminine stuff (Plus, Joey sees Chandler doing a lot of feminine stuff with Monica as well).

Ross goes to lighten his teeth, since he has a date. But he stays looking like an ET every time he smiles, since his teeth makes its presence even in the dark.

Phoebe asks Rachel if she can use the copy machine in her work, since she wants to print some flyers promoting her massages. Once she is there printing everything she needs, Phoebe claims that Ralph Lauren kissed her. Rachel stays shocked with the gossip, and since her boss (Kim) doesn't pay much attention to her, she tells Phoebe's gossip to Kim in order to make her interest to talk to her.

But later, Rachel discovers that Phoebe in fact kissed Kenny, the copy guy, and needs to deny the gossip to her Boss, who loves big gossips.
/////Season 6A Episode 8A The story about Ross's teeth is too great. I love how he shows him off to Chandler and Monica and they make fun of them. And then Rachel comes in and her line "Your teeth? Yes, I saw them from outside" makes me laugh like crazy every time. His date is a great part of this episode as well

I also liked the story about Ralph Lauren. Phoebe mixing him up with Larrhy the Copy guy is great and I also loved the elevator scenes, where Rachel's boss describes the atmosphere when Ralph Loren is with them

The story about the apartment becoming girly is mediocre. I only liked Joey in it. Good performance by Matt LeBlanc. His conversation when he asks about "the hot stick in the bathroom", "the chips", or when he wonders about the baby were great. Lines were written very good. But Chandler was a bit out of character and boring
/////Season 6A Episode 8A Chandler, Joey and Ross get in touch with their feminine side.

Ross whitened his teeth and it looks way too scarily white. He attempts to use makeup on his face to make it look less white.
/////Season 6A Episode 9A Just another one of the excellent Thanksgiving episodes. What is not to like there?

The whole idea of Ross's parents not liking Chandler because Ross blamed pot smell in his room on him is just great. And how Ross was thinking what new lie to come up with. The moment where Ross and Monica tell each other's secrets within a minute to the parents is the highlight of the episode and one of my favorite scenes

It is also great how Rachel messes up the dessert by making it with beef. It is funny how everyone got rid of it. Except Ross who eats it very fast so that Rachel doesn't taste it (although it is weird she didn't get a piece) and Joey who actually enjoyed it

Phoebe's crush on Jack Gellar made one laugh as well
/////Season 6A Episode 9A It's Thanks Giving and all the Friends want Monica to make the big food celebration of the day. Monica promised Rachel that she could make the dessert for the day, and everybody hates the new(And everybody have a reason, since Rachel doesn't have success in making the dessert, mixing the ingredients and adding steak into the dessert!).

Monica's parents are coming to the celebration in her house and Monica doesn't want Chandler telling her parents that they are living together. Her parents don't know they are dating,specially because they don't like Chandler. When Chandler discovers that Monica's parents don't like him, he decides to talk to Ross, who admits that the reason they hate Chandler is because Ross blamed Chandler of smoking pot in their house, when in fact, Ross was the one who smoked.

Janine calls Ross and Joey to have Thanks Giving dinner with her and her dancer friends, but they cannot accept the invitation even wanting a lot: they promised Monica to be at her Thanks Giving dinner. While having dinner, Joey and Ross cannot wait to end the dinner to meet the girls.
/////Season 6A Episode 9A That part Monica and Ross revealed each other was fun :)
/////Season 6A Episode 9A Great episode. The story was so well written. Everyone of the main cast was amazing.
/////Season 6A Episode 9A Ross and Joey are invited to Janine, the hot roommate's Thanksgiving with her dancer friends. They plan on drinking.

Ross and Joey wan't to go. Rachel makes the English trifle but puts beef in it.

Monica has not told her parents she is dating Chandler and they have a bad impression of Chandler. Ross admits it's because he told his parents that Chandler was the one who smoked marijuana.

Monica and Ross have a face-off revealing the others' secrets that their parents do not yet know.
/////Season 6A Episode 10 This is one of my favorites episodes of this show. I won't go over the points the other posters have already made, mostly because this is all about Monica and Ross's dance routine for me. Monica and Ross are invited to a televised dance party as guests of Joey's love interest Janine (Elle McPherson). The siblings really really want to be chosen to perform on a platform, and they decide that a dance routine they invented for a grade school talent show is going to get them a spot. Well it does, but not for the reasons they intended. The episodes where the characters think back to their less glamorous pasts are always funny. This is perfect viewing for the wee hours of New Year's Day.
/////Season 6A Episode 10 The routine is indeed very funny. Actually the whole combination of Ross and Monica is great in this episode. I love them dancing, their crazy routine and how in the end they want to do the routine the way they did it back in the days, with Monica catching Ross, and yet it doesn't work out

The idea with Rachel, Chandler and Phoebe looking for Monica's presents wasn't so bad. I like the most the look on Chandler's face when Monica tells him what he got

Joey's and Janine's kissing story wasn't too good. I just liked how Joey wet that guys' pants.Otherwiseit was pretty bad, I guess I just don't see the chemistry
/////Season 6A Episode 10 Sometimes an episode of 'Friends' can be summed up in one scene, to the point where all the other storylines in it are forgotten.

Here the defining scene is Ross/Monica dancing 'the routine'. It's by far the best bit of what actually is another good episode.
/////Season 6A Episode 10 Janine finds out she is invited to dance on Dick Clark's and invites Joey and the Gellers. Everyone dresses in cool nightclub clothes and we see everyone dancing.
/////Season 6A Episode 11 The story about Joey's girlfriend not getting along with Chandler and Monica was not good. While it is an interesting idea about dating someone who doesn't like your friends and I absolutely agree with her about Monica it was not fun at all. And I think another problem that ruined this storyline was that Elle Macpherson didn't act good at all. Nor was there any chemistry between her and Matt LeBlanc. Glad she was out after this

The apothecary table story was a bit more amusing. Both how Rachel was inventing stories about Pottery Barn items (most of which were from "Colonial Period") and the movie night at Ross's, he is great as usually in it
/////Season 6A Episode 11 This must be the heaviest product placement episode ever!

I liked the storyline though, and it's nice to see Phoebe and Rachel working more together in this 6th series.

I disagree with another reviewer, I think the Joey/Janine/Chandler/Monica storyline worked, it was just let down by the fact that Elle Macpherson doesn't really have a lot of comedic timing.

Another good episode overall.
/////Season 6A Episode 11 I think it's so nice to see Joey fall in love I just wish it was with a likable character and a good comedic actress. Janine/Elle is neither. This storyline is not funny because of extreme lack of chemistry and the fact that Elle Macpherson could not hit a comedic timing to save her life. I wish they would explore more of these sides to Joey and develop his character but he didn't care at all when he dumped her, which also makes this romantic storyline fall flat.

I liked the Pottery Barn storyline, GREAT acting as always! However I think it is sad that Phoebe falls for PB and just does not care about everything that is wrong with the world because she really likes the looks of the furniture. It doesn't Seem like the writers made her stick to her character in order to get some laughs.

It's a 4/10 for me.
/////Season 6A Episode 11 Joey talks to the Friends that he kissed Janine, spite of the fact that nobody thought he would have success doing that. He stays in love with her the hole episode.

Rachel bought a table in Pottery Barn, but Monica warns her that Phoebe hates that store,since it is mass production and doesn't have a ''history behind it''. Rachel pretends that she bought the table in the flea market in order to not have problems with Phoebe, but when they both (Rachel and Phoebe) go to Ross' house, Rachel stays completely desperate, since Ross has the same table from Pottery Barn that Rachel has.

Joey and Janine go out with Monica and Chandler. Janine tells Joey that she doesn't like Monica and Chandler very much and she wants to give them an excuse to not go out with them in the next time. Joey stays upset to know that Janine doesn't like his friends, but he decides to go out with Monica and Chandler alone. When Monica and Chandler make a pressure in Joey to talk, they discover that Janine doesn't like them (and this makes Monica very angry, by the way).
/////Season 6A Episode 11 I never understood why product placement is such a big deal to people. I think it looks much weirder when it's a generic brand like "Cola" or "Chips" it looks silly.

Solid episode. The cast at this point are on point. The Writing is, as usual, very strong.
/////Season 6A Episode 11 Rachel buys a cute apothecary table from Pottery Barn. Phoebe hates Pottery Barn because it mass-produces and everyone ends up with the same stuff so Rachel has to lie that she got it from the flea market. Rachel makes additional purchases and buys a divider, bird cage, and a fan. The room looks gorgeous.

Rachel is at Ross's to help him set up for their movie night with Phoebe. Ross however has also purchased Pottery Barn's apothecary table and Rachel urges him to hide it. Phoebe comes over and they snack and watch television. However Phoebe spills their wine and it gets all over the new sheets on the table. Rachel further lies when Phoebe notices that Ross's table looks just like theirs.

Janine, Joey's hot Australian roommate dislikes Chandler and Monica. The couples go out together and when they are alone, Janine tells Joey that Chandler is blah and Monica is so loud for a person of her size. She gets out of hanging out with them the next evening. Joey tells Chandler and Monica what she said and they are offended. On another night out they come home and when hearing through the door what Janine says, Monica and Chandler storm in. Monica says she can take Janine.

Ross gives 60 dollars to Rachel and insists she takes Phoebe to the flea market. When walking home they pass by Pottery Barn which conveniently seems to be near the cafe. Phoebe notices the display looks just like their living room. She dislikes Pottery Barn but cannot help but like the set up. She eyes the lamp and Rachel tells her if she wants it, to buy it!

Monica meets Janine out in the hall when taking out the trash. Janine apologizes but makes a comment before entering the apartment. Monica hits her with the garbage bag and insists they go at it. Janine runs and Monica chases after her. Joey and Chandler follow them to watch the girls fight.
/////Season 6A Episode 12 The best part of this episode is Phoebe choosing Rachel over Monica. "High maintenance" is actually the nicest one can call Monica. It is surprising Phoebe was too nice. And Monica once again abused Chandler by forcing him to say nice things about her. I was kind of surprised about how Phoebe described Rachel. I never thought of her as a "push over". And I also loved how at the end Chandler chose Joey

Chandler and Ross fighting over the joke had its funny moments. I actually would like to hear that joke!

Joey working in Central Perk was pretty boring, besides the beginning with Ross
/////Season 6A Episode 12 Ross shows off the fact that he got a joke about a doctor being a monkey published in Playboy. Chandler says that was his joke, he was the creator. No names have been published so Ross says it doesn't matter but they each try to get to tell their acquaintances first.

The girls look through the Playboy magazine and talk about who they would date. Phoebe says oh remember going into the barn with your skirt hiked up and bending over?

Rachel brings up the question of which one of us would you date? Phoebe picks Rachel, offending Mon. Phoebe explains later that Monica is high-maintenance and Rachel is a pushover, offending both of them.

We see examples of them being their supposed traits. Monica doesn't want to eat sushi and makes it clear so. Rachel is easygoing and goes with it. At the end of the episode, Phoebe tells Rachel she is in her spot and Rachel immediately moves to the side table.
/////Season 6A Episode 13 In this episode we get to know Rachel's sister Jill. Her coming is almost like a flashback of Rachel joining the group. While Jill didn't run away from her wedding, she is a spoiled girl that has trouble resisting buying clothes. And it is funny how Rachel almost convinces her to date Ross while there was no danger first since she saw him as a geek. I love Rachel's reaction when Phoebe first tells about her suspicions

Monica being sick and hitting on Chandler was pretty funny. Courtney Cox did a good job playing the sick Monica, she sure made me laugh a lot
/////Season 6A Episode 13 Joey is working in Central Perk and is enjoying the courtesies of the coffee House to give the women he is interested a free meal. In this way, he is getting a lot of success with them and also getting a lot of dates. The problem is that Central Perk only offers free stuff to people who are having their birthday and Joey ends up loosing money with that.

Monica is sick and she got a break from work because of that. But the problem is that she doesn't admits that she is sick, and tries to make a lot of different stuff without much success. (The scene where she tries to seduce Chandler is so funny!)

Jill,Rachel's younger sister, comes to visit her. Jill is angry and desperate that her father took all her money and told her to learn the value of the money with Rachel,'' the only daughter who he is proud of ''. Rachel stays happy to know that her father is proud of her and tries to make Jill more independent, using the same techniques she used when she was also wanting to be independent.

Later, Jill and Ross ''have a thing'' going on, and Rachel stays worried that they can get involved.

Ps: Monica sick is absolutely hilarious!

Ps2: I LOOOOVE Phoebe's cloth in this episode!
/////Season 6A Episode 13 Someone knocks at the door and the gang is confused because there are already six of them in the apartment and they were not expecting anyone. Phoebe counts.

It is Jill, Rachel's little sister. She got her credit card declined by their father and now she is out to make it on her own.

At the cafe she carries in a ton of shopping bags. Rachel comes by and as punishment takes all of it away. Ross has managed to hide the Tiffany and Co. bag though and there is a little spark between Jill and Ross.

Phoebe tells Rachel she noticed this spark and Rachel is shocked. She overreacts thinking what if they have sex? What if they get married? Isn't this incest?

Jill comes to the cafe where Rachel is sitting. Jill has on her black slit skirt and crop top, with a leather jacket. Ross comes by and it is awkward because both sisters are there.

Monica comes out of her room with VapoRub and takes off her red robe partially to expose her chest. She rubs it sexily on her neck, turning on Chandler who now wants sex. She gleefully says, "Worked like a charm.".

Ross takes Jill to his apartment and shuts the blinds. Monica and Chandler come out of the bedroom.
/////Season 6A Episode 13 Okay, I don't hate this episode. It's just boring. Very boring. Not much happens in it, and no moment is particularly hilarious. Along with The One with the Donor, this is the worst episode of the show.
/////Season 6A Episode 14 The idea that Chandler can't cry was kind of funny, although I wouldn't think that about him. But i loved the line where he says: "Yes, it was very sad when they stopped drawing the deer". Another nice moment was when he throws the book under the couch and it flies out. But the ending of this story wasn't very well developed in my opinion

The porn story was kind of irritating. It kind of got me mad when they started talking bad about Phoebe when they thought she was in it, the only one who proved to be a good friend was Joey. And Phoebe was prude too when she was insulting people working with Ursula. Not everyone should want to do it, but there is no need to be judgemental towards people who do
/////Season 6A Episode 14 Rachel still is worried how the things with Ross and Jill are going, specially because they scheduled a date in Ross' house and his apartment's curtains were closed all the time. Ross tells Rachel that Jill asked him out again, but Rachel finally admits to Ross that she doesn't want to see them going out together again. Ross calls Jill and cancels their date.

Everybody is shocked that Chandler doesn't cry in any sad movie. Chandler says that he is not the crying type, and nothing that The Friends try to do to evoke him memories works.( Joey says that he is dead inside.)

Phoebe finds odd when a strange guy asks her autograph, and the guy tells Joey that Phoebe is a porn star. Joey and Ross rent ''Phoebe's movies'' to see if it is true, and they all stay shocked to see her on the sex tapes. When Phoebe discovers what happened, she goes talk to Ursula, the person who is in charge of using her image and name to make porn movies.

Jill doesn't understand when Ross cancels their date, but Rachel tells her that the only reason he canceled was because she wasn't comfortable with them going out. Jill stays angry to know that Rachel made him cancel their date, and stays determined to have Ross in all ways she can only to annoy Rachel and to prove her she is the best.
/////Season 6A Episode 14 Most of the gang watches E.T. together. Mon and Phoebe cry. Bambi gets brought up and Joey gets teary about it. Chandler says he doesn't cry.

Ross tells Rachel that Jill asked him out again for tomorrow - the most romantic day of the year - Valentine's Day. Rachel asks him to stop seeing Jill.

Jill is angry that Rachel doesn't want her seeing Ross and tries to get back at her. She tells Ross she wants to see his slides and shuts the blinds. She kisses Ross and Ross closes his eyes for the moment.

Ross comes over and tells the gang that Jill kissed him.
/////Season 6A Episode 15 When they are reminiscing about Ross and Carol and are discussing "spicing up the marriage" ben comes running in. This is supposed to be when carol and susan first got together, Ben was not yet born
/////Season 6A Episode 15 It's the alternate-universe episode! What would happen if Rachel never left Barry, Ross never got divorced from Carol, Monica was still fat, Joey never was never fired from Days of Our Lives, Chandler quit his job to write comics, and Phoebe took a job at as a stock broker at Merrill Lynch? In this two-part episode, we learn that the gang, for the most part, end up in the exact same place their present-day counterparts: Monica and Chandler find their way back to each other; Ross and Rachel's first marriages both fall apart (presumably so they can find each other, too), the revised opening credits sequence depicting the alt version of the Friends is still pretty amusing. Alison Weinflash
/////Season 6A Episode 15 Barry and Mindy are going to divorce. Mindy discovered that Barry had affairs with other person while they were married. Rachel stays happy to know that and starts to imagine how her life would be if she was married to Barry. The entire episode shows how the Friends ' life would be if different things happened:

Ross still is married to Carol, doing Karate and extremely tense without any sex life; Rachel still would be a rich spoiled woman, married to Barry and wanting Joey, since she loves Soap Operas; Joey would be a celebrity, very rich, going out with a lots of women and working in the Soap Opera as one of the main stars; Monica would be a fat, virgin woman, who dates only annoying guys; Phoebe would work with actions and would be stressed,serious and a heavily smoker (eventually having a heart attack); and Chandler would be a poor comedian writer, without any money and asking Joey to help him with his bills.
/////Season 6A Episode 15 The gang wonders what it would be like if they had made different choices back then. Would they still be all friends?

What if Joey continued to be on television as Dr. Drake Ramoray? Ross's wife did not realize her sexuality? Rachel got married to Barry? Monica stayed fat? Phoebe became a stock broker? Chandler quit his job?

Ross says him and his wife have been on a dry spell for 2 months. He tries to tell his wife about their sex life when his son comes in. He uses Phoebe's advice and gives examples of spicing up their sex life.

Phoebe smokes and has a heart attack from all the stress over the numbers.

Rachel is attracted to Joey who is famous and has sex with lots of women. Monica is a 30-year-old virgin.

Chandler is Joey's personal assistant. He gets a story in for Archie Comics, where Archie needs money for his jalopy and becomes Reggie's assistant to pay for it.
/////Season 6A Episode 15 Season six is so boring and this two parter didn't make it any better.

I'm so confused ! If Ross was still with Carol then Ben wouldn't have even been born yet and Carol would have met Susan.

I hate Phoebe in later seasons most of the times and I hate her in these episodes.
/////Season 6A Episode 15 Kinda lame episode, not funny and it just didn't work
/////Season 6A Episode 15 1. Why would Monica be fat? She wasn't fat when Rachel and Barry got married.
/////Season 6A Episode 15 Not since its 3rd series had the show really done an episode that pushed itself out from the normal form, and there are some interesting 'what if's?' here.

Some work better than others though. I didn't find Phoebe's at all funny, perhaps they were a bit stuck as to what to do with her.

We do get a bit of a prelude to what it would be like if Joey was successful (as he would later be in the spin-off) and if Matthew Perry played a writer (which he would do in the film 'Numb' and in 'Studio 60').

Other than that though this is a one joke idea stretched across two parts.
/////Season 6A Episode 16 In this episode we see how their "what if" stories continue

I love the Ross's one. How he is all excited when Susan comes and how he tells about it to Joey. He tries to make it look so exciting and yet towards the end he can't hide that he was very bored and more excited in the sandwich he made himself. David Schwimmer is very cute during this conversation. I also like how he discovers that his wife must be gay

Actually at the end pretty much all of them end up where they are now, besides Joey and Monica (weightwise i mean). Chandler is with Monica at the end. Phoebe loses the job and gets away from all the stress. And Rachel's marriage with barry gets ruined
/////Season 6A Episode 16 Ross tells his wife that Ben is asleep so they can start on the threesome.

Phoebe got fired from work but doesn't know. She slips out secretly and goes to work where she has another heart attack.

Joey and Rachel kiss in his apartment but then she throws up and wakes up on his couch. He gifts her a pink ring from the show that looks beautiful.

Monica and Chandler kiss again. Chandler admits he only slept with one other woman and Monica. Only two.
/////Season 6A Episode 17 The unagi story is one of the funniest ones. This is also of course thanks to David Schwimmer's acting in it. He was absolutely hilarious. But I also like the whole idea. Actually I think of this episode whenever I go to a sushi place, he changed the meaning of unagi for me! And the part where Ross goes to women self defense class and asks the instructor how to act next for the attacker was hilarious

The story of Monica and Chandler making presents for each other was pretty good too. Especially I like how Chandler got busted when we hear Janice's voice on the tape, and when she starts singing!

Joey's twin story was kind of dumb and not very funny but it didn't ruin the episode
/////Season 6A Episode 17 My favourite episode. The only minus is Joey's stupid twin story.
/////Season 6A Episode 17 Phoebe and Rachel start to go to self defense classes, and Ross talks to them that they need to know a concept called ''Unagi', that he learned when he did karate classes. Unagi is a state of total awareness that Ross says it is essential to everybody who practices martial arts, but he is not aware all the time as he says, since Rachel and Phoebe are always trying to scare him to see if he really masters the ' Unagi' .

Joey needs some money for the pictures of his Book, that are more expensive then he imagined it would be. He wants to go back to the lab studies, the problem is that the next study only serves for people who are identical twins, and this is not Joey's case. In order to receive some money, Joey tries to find an actor who looks like him to pretend to be his identical twin.

Chandler has difficulties to find a good Valentine's present to Monica, specially because they decided to make their own presents. He gives her a tape full of songs, but what he doesn't remember is that Janice made that tape for him.
/////Season 6A Episode 17 Funny in parts; Ross wanting tips on how to attack his friends from a self defense teacher, and Joey thinking an actor who looks nothing like him would make a good identical twin for a twin study he wants to get paid for, and Chandler having to make a belated Valentines day present from scratch. A few annoying things; Chandler finding a mix tape all of a sudden in his and Monica's closet. How did she never see it? Why would Chandler even keep it in the first place? Another very contrived scene has Phoebe and Rachel sitting at the window of Central Perk,just to set up the scene where they see Ross attack two women he thinks is them outside. The bit where Rachel wants to tell the customers on the couch to move was so stupid.
/////Season 6A Episode 17 Rachel has her hair half up and wears cute cargo pants. Rachel and Phoebe have been taking selfdefense classes. Ross insists he is an expert because he took karate previously and brings up unagi, to have a state of awareness.

Chandler and Monica fret over what to make the other because they decided to make homemade gifts for their Valentine's Day which they postponed for two weeks. Monica gives the sock bunny that Phoebe made. Chandler gives a mixtape he found. Monica says she will make anything for him there (kitchen) and do anything he wants in there (bedroom). For a few days Chandler comes home to beautiful candlelit dinners and amazing sex.

Monica puts on the mixtape and her favourite song comes on. Then Janice's voice comes on exposing the truth. Janice later sings My Funny Valentine.
/////Season 6A Episode 18 This is the beginning of the great storyline where Ross dates his student Elizabeth. I found it pretty funny, how she evaluated him as the hottie of the paleontology department, how he pushes her into the wall when he sees other professors and also how they make out in his office when she is so turned on by the idea that their relationship is forbidden.

I also like the story of Phoebe and Rachel's apartment burning down. I just wonder why they would first want to live with Monica, they both did it before and should know what to expect.

Joey was a riot this episode. How he threw spaghetti on the floor and then ate them. And how he was showing Chandler that they should have pizza after the call. And of course "thursday the third day" part
/////Season 6A Episode 18 Ross is very excited that one of his students wrote a good evaluation about him. Since the evaluations are anonymous, he doesn't have any way to know who wrote it, but eventually we are going to see that it was Ross' student, Elizabeth, who did it. She invites him to go out with her, and this makes Ross in doubt about going out with her or not.

Joey wants Chandler's help to get a role in a movie, since one of Chandler's University friends, Dana Keystone, became a movie director and is going to direct the new Al Pacino's movie. Chandler doesn't want to meet Dana because he doesn't see her for a long time and he doesn't have courage to ask her a role to Joey, but Joey insists to much that he calls her to dinner.

Rachel and Phoebe's apartment is on fire. Phoebe thinks that is her fault, since she is always lighting candles. They both need to stay in a different place while their apartment is out of order, so Phoebe goes to Joey's house and Rachel to Monica's. When they discover that the main cause was a hair straightener that was on, they change places. But Rachel has much more fun in Joey's house then Phoebe in Monica's.
/////Season 6A Episode 18 Ross comes in with his briefcase and reads a student's evaluation of him saying he is a hottie in the palaeontology department.

The student comes over as Ross posts the marks. She asks him out and Ross says it is only frowned upon to date a student and asks what time.

She is turning 21 soon and can't drink. Ross introduces her to his colleagues in the cafe and they tell him he will get fired.

Ross checks out the rules in his office and finds out it does state there you cannot date a student.

The student looks seductively and says she loves how it is forbidden. Ross gives in and they do a lot of kissing.
/////Season 6A Episode 19 I know that a lot of people are annoyed with Joey's fridge story, but I found it pretty funny. It made me laugh a lot. Especially when he was comparing to Chandler the fridge story to a situation if they had a child that would die and he would need to buy a new one. Or how he even tried to make Elizabeth pay for it. I must say I was surprised Chandler didn't want to give him money. Not because I think he owed him that but because he always wanted to help him financially

The story of Phoebe and Mondler starting a kind of "competition" on whose guy Rachel will take to the charity event was kind of amusing as well. Especially when they all meet at the coffee place
/////Season 6A Episode 19 Rachel is living with Joey, and his fridge is always having problems until the day it stops working. Joey wants Rachel's help to pay to fix the fridge, but it is too expensive (U$ 400,00) for her, to not to mention that she is living just for a small amount of time in Joey's house until Phoebe's apartment is out of order.

Ross introduces Elizabeth to the Friends, and everybody mocks him with the fact that she is much younger than him. (She is not 21 yet!) They are having their dates in secret, since the university's teachers/directors/headmaster cannot know about them. (Otherwise Ross can lose his job.) Ross thinks that Elizabeth wants to travel with him and give a step forward in their relationship, but in fact she wants to go to Florida to Spring break.

Phoebe,Monica and Chandler have different men to introduce to Rachel and they compete to see which of the guys they chose, Rachel is going to pick. This makes Rachel feeling very uncomfortable,specially because most of the time, the two guys are in the same place.
/////Season 6A Episode 19 Ross is still secretly dating Elizabeth, his student. They make out in his office. Elizabeth then says she has something to tell him - she is to Florida for spring break for a few weeks.

Phoebe says she took a look at everything with her cute massage client. Monica replies she isn't supposed to look and Phoebe says as if the police are there. Chandler says but wait you give me massages.

This worries Ross because the gang asks if she is going for a spring vacation or spring break? Spring break is where girls do frat guys, guys drink shots off of girls' bodies, people waking up to people they don't know. Joey says he was there in 1981. Monica replies he was 13 in 1981. Joey asks if she is staying at the Corona. Phoebe comments what is she, like, 12?

Ross replies he thinks Elizabeth is mature enough and she took his class. Mon says she is mature enough to sleep with the professor.

Chandler and Mon bring in a cute curly-haired guy from Chandler's work. Phoebe brings in a cute massage client with very broad shoulders.

Ross worries about the very revealing red bikini top she is bringing.

At the airport Ross sees Elizabeth off. All her friends, which are guys, come and take her to the airplane.

Back at the apartment they turn on the TV to MTV and there are a bunch of college kids dancing in their swimsuits. They spot Elizabeth and then Ross comes in, dancing as well.
/////Season 6A Episode 20 Was there a writer's strike? We see this more and more in the later episodes.
/////Season 6A Episode 20 I am not a big fan of the episodes where they show parts of other episodes. But this one was way better than the previous ones

This is because in this episode the storyline was a bit bigger and more amusing than those in the previous ones

Still, most of the episode was wasted on showing us what we have seen before.

But what I did like was that it was a story about Chandler and Joey and I always appreciate their friendship stories. I also liked the title of the show for which Joey is auditioning and it had a few moments that made me laugh
/////Season 6A Episode 20 I can rewatch the episodes. no need for flashbacks
/////Season 6A Episode 20 Joey goes to an audition of a new TV show called ''MAC AND CHEESE ''where he is going to be one of the main characters, MAC, a detective who solve crimes with his robot partner Cheese. Joey doesn't have much hope in getting the job, but he is approved in the first audition. When they call Joey to give him the details of his second audition, Chandler is the one who picks the phone. He gets the details of Joey's second audition, but forgets to write and to tell Joey about the message, since Monica arrived when he was on the phone.

Joey stays angry with Chandler when he discovers that Chandler didn't give him the message, but for Joey's luck, the actor they picked to be Mac had problems and Joey is their second option for the role.
/////Season 6A Episode 20 I extremely hate flashbacks, and this episode has some flashbacks (not too much); but the other things were not bad, I wanted to give it 6 of 10 (which is lowest in my points for Friends) but cause of other things interesting, I gave 7.
/////Season 6A Episode 20 Half the clip shows of FRIENDS were good, but the other half not so much. Mac And C.H.E.E.S.E. is way worse than the previous clip show from season 4. The flashbacks were the best thing about the episode and also the funniest we ever got from it. One of the top 5 worst episodes of the entire series, and it wasn't really entertaining. But it's FRIENDS, so this episode isn't bad, it's also not good, it's okay. Not the worst clip show, but also not a good episode.
/////Season 6A Episode 20 I can't understand why the rating of this episode is too low it's wonderful
/////Season 6A Episode 20 It's a good episode. I can't figure out why people are upset about it. Flashback happens.
/////Season 6A Episode 20 Rachel has a new hairstyle, it is her longest yet. Monica has a nice new shade of brown for her hair and I love the style.

Chandler takes a message and forgets to write it on the board. Joey misses his audition and gets upset. The gang thinks back to their past mistakes and fights, which results in the episode being a recap.

Chandler comes in with the Joey Special and answers the phone. Joey has another shot because the allergy guy got attacked by a dog.

Joey saw the message and the two celebrate his new gig.
/////Season 6A Episode 21 A great episode! We get to meet Elizabeth's dad who is played by Bruce Willis. He is pretty good for the part and the scenes with him and Ross are just great

What is also great is the role of Rachel in this episode. She slightly messes it up already in the beginning when she comes in and says she is ready to talk Ross up in front of Elizabeth's dad when Paul is already sitting there, then she hooks up with Paul. This leads to a great scene when Ross sees them in the living room and pretends he doesn't see them, yells "Joey"runs into Joey's bedroom and doesn't want to come out. This gets even better when the four of them are having a dinner together and Rachel tries to talk Ross up and yet messes it all up by telling all about his marriages. I love this scene

The story about Joey almost losing his part is pretty good too. I like the scene when the operator of C.H.E.E.S.E. comes into his room saying that he won't get him fired if he teaches him how to deal with women. Very funny dialogue
/////Season 6A Episode 21 It's Joey's first day as the main actor of MAC AND CHEESE's TV show, and he stays disappointed with the robot that is going to play Cheese, his partner. Joey tells bad things about the Robot to Wayne, the robot's creator, and this makes Wayne stay not only offended, but also doing all he can to annoy Joey in work, until he gets fired. Joey stays upset, and he asks Wayne a second chance. Wayne will give him a second chance to work in the TV show if Joey helps him with women.

Ross is nervous, since Elizabeth's father, Paul, wants to meet him. Elizabeth's father immediately doesn't like Ross because of the age difference, but Ross is determined to make everything he can to please Paul. He asks the Friends to tell good things about him (Ross) to Paul, in order to give Paul a good impression of him. Paul gets very interested in Rachel, so they all (Ross,Elizabeth,Rachel,Paul) decide to dinner together to see if Paul's bad impression about Ross can end, but everything ends even worst then before.

Phoebe is writing a book based in The Friend's relationships, specially Monica's and Chandler's relationship, and they both get really annoyed when they see Phoebe writing their discussions in a notebook.
/////Season 6A Episode 21 Paul comes to the cafe with Elizabeth. Later he comes back in where Rachel is sitting alone with her cute outfit - long skirt and a top. He replies softly but in a gruff voice. Ross walks into Joey's apartment where Rachel is draped all over Paul.

The couples go out for dinner. It is revealed that Ross had three divorces.

On set, Joey and the robot guy have a tense relationship. Joey will get fired because the robot guy is to stay because he is the only operator of the robot. The robot guy asks Joey to teach him how to talk to women because of a hot tanned girl named Sarah who Joey previously approached.
/////Season 6A Episode 22 The story about Ross and Paul doesn't get worse in this episode. Both Elizabeth/Ross and Paul/Rachel come to the cottage outside the city. And this brings us lots of funny scenes. The one when Rachel sees Ross under the couch is great. And also when Paul gets into his bedroom where Ross is hiding and Ross quietly gets under the couch I couldn't stop laughing. Paul's "I am the man" act that also finally got Ross the permission to date Elizabeth was a great idea as well

I also really liked the story about how Joey wanted his picture on the wall in dry cleaners. The fact that it mattered so much to him is already funny. And Ilia Volok who plays the dry cleaner is actually Russian, his language was perfect. Which is a good thing, I like it when they hire people to play someone from their nationality instead of actors who can't really pronounce anything in that language

The whole idea about Chandler being freaked out by the message was pretty good. Especially since it is surprising at the end that he wants to propose to Monica!
/////Season 6A Episode 22 I loved all the storylines in this episode but David's acting really stood out
/////Season 6A Episode 22 Paul,Elizabeth's father,still doesn't like Ross and is against their relationship, even blackmailing him saying that if they don't end their relationship, he is going to denounce Ross to the University. Ross and Elizabeth, however, decide to keep their relationship in secret.

Ross is excited that he is going to travel with Elizabeth into her grandma's country house. Arriving there, they both cannot wait to have sex, but Ross forgets to bring condoms and Elizabeth go to the drugstore to buy, letting Ross alone in the house. While Ross is waiting Elizabeth, Rachel and Paul arrive in the house, since they had the same plans of having sex and staying some days in the house. Ross tries to hide from them, but Rachel discovers him and tries to help him to scape from the house without Paul know that he is there.

Joey goes to a Laundry that has the practice of setting pictures from the stars on the walls, to give his picture, but since his TV show still was not aired, the Laundry's owner tells him that he is not going to put his picture. Joey ends up going out with the Laudry's owner wife, and gets his picture on the wall in a pretty easy way.

Rachel,Phoebe and Monica go together to a Museum, using Phoebe's tickets that she won. Once there, they discover that it is possible to marry in the place, but they need to wait 2 years for that. Monica is convinced to put her name on the list, but when they call to Monica's house to notify her about the wedding details she gave, Chandler listens to the message and disappears.
/////Season 6A Episode 22 Phoebe has three tickets to a museum with lesbian art and other things.

Ross and Elizabeth go to the country house and Elizabeth asks if he has protection. She says she will go run out to buy some and Ross says he should because he is the guy.

Rachel and Paul come in for a romantic weekend. Rachel discovers Ross and tries to help hide him.

Monica and Rachel look amazing in this episode with their new looks.

Monica hears the message from the museum and freaks out that Chandler heard. Chandler and Phoebe talks after she leaves and Chandler actually planned it out with Phoebe. He will propose to her.
/////Season 6A Episode 23 Chandler has serious doubts about which engagement ring he should buy to give Monica, and he asks Phoebe for some help to pick the perfect ring. (Phoebe is the only one who knows that Chandler will propose to Monica!) Chandler finds the perfect ring, but it costs U$ 8.600. He needs to get his credit card with Joey, so he asks Phoebe to be responsible to watch the ring while he is not in the store. But Phoebe gets distracted and another guy buys the ring that Chandler wanted to give Monica.

Rachel tells Phoebe that Paul is a very serious and introverted guy, that hardly says about his feelings. This is annoying Rachel a lot, since she almost doesn't know anything about him and when she asks him about something he almost doesn't develop the chat. When Rachel asks Paul about his childhood,however, he cries a lot, making their dinner be canceled and Rachel be nervous and irritated. Now, the problem is the opposite: Paul won't stop crying. So Rachel ends up their relationship.

Ross and Joey think that Chandler is ignoring them, but Chandler tells them that he is going to propose Monica.
/////Season 6A Episode 23 Friends is all about good natured barbs and insults, it's not always appropriate but it's good natured and generally positive.

But here is just crosses a line so far that it's almost hard to watch.

Paul Stevens (Bruce Willis) had shown insecurity in a previous episode, but here he has a full on emotional breakdown. He's had a lot of deaths to deal with, and childhood issues comes out... and he has a breakdown.

And the abuse he gets from Rachel.

He's a "big girl". That she would get money as his therapist, and how much money he owed her. That he's a cry baby.

Then she DUMP him for having issues.

It's horrid. It reflects so badly on her. And you never see him again. Maybe he went and just hung himself, who knows!

Really ugly episode, probably the worst in the entire show's run.
/////Season 6A Episode 23 The greatest part of this episode is Phoebe and Chandler going to get a ring together. I liked how Chandler left to get his credit card and Phoebe stayed to guard the ring and yet let someone buy it because she was playing with jewelry and the gun. An even better part is when they go to change the ring back. Phoebe pretending that she is dying was funny and I must say a great idea, this is probably what made the man change the ring! And then Chandler ruins the proposal to make it even better

Not bad is also the story of how Paul turns from a guy who didn't want to share his feelings to a guy who couldn't stop crying. I must say it made me think that Bruce Willis is really not right for the sitcoms, although he usually is a great actor
/////Season 6A Episode 23 Rachel wants Paul to open up to her because he always has a cold hard exterior. Rachel asks him how was his childhood, how was puberty? She experienced a sleepover where a girl put Rachel's hand in hot water so when Rachel woke up she thought she peed in her sleeping bag.

Paul asks Chandler if his dad ever hugged him. They hug it out because they didn't in their childhoods.

Phoebe and Chandler go shopping for a ring at an antique store. Chandler has his eyes on a ring with sapphire stones on each side. But when he steps out to get his credit card from Joey, another man has bought it.

I love Rachel's half up hair look with the jean jacket after she tells the guys she broke up with a crybaby.
/////Season 6A Episode 23 This is one of my favorite episodes so far! I loved how Phoebe was the one to help with Chandler pick out the ring for Monica. Overall that episode was very funny.
/////Season 6A Episode 24 Chandler shows all Friends the engagement ring he bought for Monica, and he tells them that he is going to propose Monica today. He has the perfect way to propose: during a perfect dinner. While they have dinner, Monica sees Richard and invites him to dinner with her and Chandler, what makes Chandler's idea to propose her doesn't work.

Rachel call the Friends to a charity event for the kids, and Phoebe and Joey are the ones who confirmed their presence.Ross cannot go, since he is going out with Elizabeth.

All Friends think that Ross' relationship doesn't have any future,since Elizabeth is very young, but Ross says he doesn't care. However, when he sees her throwing water balloons with her friends and one of her friends calls him ''dad'', Ross decides to end the relationship.(Ross feels like a babysitter near her and her friends.)

In the charity event, Joey gives a bid in an auction for a boat of U$2,000. Joey doesn't have the money, since he gave the bid only for fun, so Rachel tries to help him to fix everything.
/////Season 6A Episode 24 My favorite part of this episode is the charity for children. Rachel really got herself some trouble by taking Joey and Phoebe to it. Phobe was just taking advantage of the open bar, i love her line where she says that she is doing it for the kids because the more she drinks the less there is for the kids to drink. And Joey buys a boat he can't afford. It is also very funny how Rachel tries to convince the next highest bidder to get the boat and the result is just that Joey wants to keep it

The end of Ross and Elizabeth's relationship was pretty funny as well. I don't really get what is so wrong with a water balloon fight every once in a while, not everyone is such a boring human as Ross;s sister, some people like to have fun. But I like how he thinks that she handled the relationship in a very mature way and she throws a balloon at him out of the window

I won't say much about Chandler and Monica, I will let it all out in my next review, but I must say she seemed way too happy about seeing Richard
/////Season 6A Episode 24 Chandler has got it planned out. He will propose to her instead of raising his glass for a toast.

Monica wears a hot pink dress.

Joey and Phoebe go with Rachel to her boss's charity event.

Richard comes into the restaurant with his date, ruining Chandler's plans.

Chandler pretends to act like he is uninterested in marriage. Monica says marriage is to solidify your relationship, to declare to the world your love for one another.

At work, Monica is told she has somebody who wants to compliment the chef. Richard comes in and admits he still loves her.
/////Season 6A Episode 25 I'm just writing this review because the other two clowns on here don't how to write one.

This episode was beautifully directed, one of the most intriguing episodes of Friends that was full of emotion and shock. The building tension of whether Monica would make a fatal mistake and if Chandler would be able to propose before its too late. The acting was breathtaking throughout its entirety and gave fans a more than satisfying ending to Season 6.
/////Season 6A Episode 25 Simply, the best ending to a season, ever!

Don't listen to the negative reviews here. Just watch and decide for yourselves!
/////Season 6A Episode 25 10 stars is not enough... Best ending to a season so far!
/////Season 6A Episode 25 Best Ending to the season! It could not have been more better...
/////Season 6A Episode 25 Best ending to the season. It could not BE more better...
/////Season 6A Episode 25 Richard tells Monica that he still loves her and that he wants to marry her and have kids, since he feels sorry until today of letting her go. This makes Monica stays in doubt about her relationship with Chandler and a little shacked, since Chandler never liked or thought about marriage. Chandler stays worried with all the situation and decides to propose Monica in their apartment, that is full of candles in a very romantic scenario.

Rachel is worried that she is the only one who doesn't have a ''back up'' in case she reaches 40 as a non-married woman. She discovers that both Joey and Ross are Phoebe's back ups, and of course she stays revolted about that and decides to talk to Phoebe.
/////Season 6A Episode 25 Rachel and Phoebe talk about Mon's marriage and claiming to not be jealous. They wonder if they will ever find love. Rachel asks Ross to marry her if they are both not married at 40. Phoebe has taken both Ross and Joey as backups though.

Chandler pretends to not be interested in marriage and tells Monica that pigs don't marry. They have sex with hundreds of other pigs.

Richard asks Monica if Chandler would give everything to her like he would. He is very mature. Monica's wrist looks so pretty.

Chandler comes back to the apartment looking for Mon. Joey tells him Mon packed her bags and looks like she was going to her parents. Chandler opens the door and there are candles everywhere. Monica has tears in her eyes and expresses how grateful she is to have found love with her best friend.

They slow dance to beautiful music and the candles. The gang comes in for a group hug but Ross is missing. Rachel dismisses it saying he knows what this is all about he has done it 3 times.
/////Season 7A Episode 1A Chandler tells Ross that he and Monica are engaged. Monica is celebrating the fact on the balcony, yelling to all her neighbors that she is engaged. Monica invites all Friends to celebrate the engagement with her and Chandler, but her plans are ruined when she sees Ross and Rachel kissing each other near her door. She thinks they are trying to steal her thunder and stays mad with them.

Joey tells everybody that he needs to be handsome for the next day, since he is going to play a 19 year old guy. (Joey's acting performance and clothes are soo ridiculous!)

Chandler has problems having an erection, and he and Monica don't have success in doing sex, for Chandler's despair.

Phoebe does whatever she can to convince Monica to play in her wedding.
/////Season 7A Episode 1A The episode starts once again with Monica's selfishness. Instead of celebrating engagement with the guy she "loves" she yells on the balcony, because that is what important to her about marriage: social status. And she can't remember that it is not just about her, but that it is also Chandler's night. I am so happy Rachel stole her thunder. At least for some time that horrible wench felt bad, just like she deserved

Ross was very funny in this episode with his hands. And how he said that the only person enjoying those "bad boys" that night will be him

And I loved it when Joey dressed up as a 19 year old and had this whole 19 year old talk
/////Season 7A Episode 1A I love this episode. It's so funny. This is the only episode in the entire series that the only cast members, are the main six.

In this episode, Monica and Chandler have just gotten engaged and Monica couldn't be more happy for herself. She kept saying things like, "thank your for being here on my special night", when she should've said "our special night". But it's okay, she doesn't mean to. She literally shouts from the rooftop that she's engaged. Well, from her balcony, anyway. Everyone is celebrating their joyous news. But then Rachel accidentally upstages Monica, by everyone thinking that she and Ross were getting back together. Monica says the funniest thing, "the day you two get married, I'm going to announce that I'm pregnant". Or something along those lines. I can't remember the exact quote. It's even funnier because the day Monica and Chandler get married, Rachel finds out that she's pregnant. Phoebe also sings delightful songs, in the hopes of being Monica and Chandler's wedding performer.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10.
/////Season 7A Episode 1A Everyone gets ready and dressed up to go out to celebrate. I love Rachel's strapless black slit dress.

Ross and Rachel kiss after Rachel mentions they never had post-breakup sex. Rachel tells Ross they will have sex to get back at them but she did not mean it. Rachel asks Ross am I going to let you see me undress? Rachel tells Ross she loves his hands during sex.

Monica dislikes that Rachel is stealing her thunder like she did at her sweet sixteen by sleeping with a boy.

Joey tries desperately to look 19 and act like so for a part.
/////Season 7A Episode 2A Rachel gives Monica the idea of starting to organize her wedding from the beginning. Chandler tries to participate, but Monica is very hard to deal and wants to choose everything.

Phoebe asks Ross to live in his house temporarily,since Monica and Chandler are going to need more privacy. When Ross arrives in his house, he discovers that Phoebe is using his apartment to do massages in her clients.

Joey starts to sleep in Monica's house, because his duck got sick. One day,when he goes to Rachel's bedroom to sleep, he finds Rachel's dirty book in her bed, and from this day on, he starts to mock her about the book, saying it's quotations.
/////Season 7A Episode 2A The story with Rachel's book wasn't so great except when Joey dresses up as a vicar or at least what vicar means to him. And then Rachel scares him away, although how could Joey be scared by that?

Monica is annoying again by wanting to waste all the money Chandler saved on a party. Luckily he steps down, although writers ruin it again by making him step back and offer her to pay for that silly idea. Can't they just let the guy stick to his decision when he is right?

The one good story is the one with Ross and massages. I don't really understand what was so wrong about Phoebe massaging people that she even was hiding it from Monica and Chandler but this gave us a funny story so I don't care. Ross's massage technique was great, very creative!
/////Season 7A Episode 2A I really love this episode. Rachel's book. Monica planning the wedding. It's all so funny.

In this episode, the wedding planning begins. She has a giant book of everything needed. Flowers, dresses, locations, prices, invitations, catering, etc. When she asks Chandler of his opinion, she doesn't like it, and makes him change it. I feel bad for Chandler because he doesn't get to contribute much. All he needs to do is stand up there and get married. But when Monica finds out how much money he has saved up, over the past few years, she expects him to spend it all on the wedding. I think that's a bit ridiculous. It was his hard-earned money, and he shouldn't have to spend it all on one day. But Monica gets mad when he tells her that. In the end, he agrees to spend it all. Meanwhile, Joey finds a book hidden under Rachel's pillow. Or mattress, I can't remember which one. He only went in there to take a nap, because the duck ate some face cream and threw up on the couch. He tries to have a nap at Monica and Chandler's but they were too loud. And for some reason, he doesn't want to have a nap in his own bed. Anyway, he finds a book that turns out to be an erotic novel. And when Rachel comes home, he uses not-so- subtle references to get her to confess. Also, to give the newly engaged couple so alone time, Phoebe moves in with Ross. Ross gets mad when Phoebe gives massages. But one time when Phoebe wasn't there, an attractive woman wanted a massage, so he agreed, but it turns out it was for her Dad. Or Grampa. Once again, my memory is foggy. But I do know that he used wooden spoons and tonka trucks to massage him.

Overall, I give this episode an 8 out of 10.
/////Season 7A Episode 2A Monica has it all planned out since she was in fourth grade. She has a book with all her wedding plans.

Joey wants to sleep but cannot do so on his couch because the duck made a mess with Rachel's face cream. He sleeps in Rachel's room and finds her dirty book. Rachel defends herself and Joey puts it simply that she has porn.

Monica and Chandler go to dinner with her parents and Mr. Geller says he got married because somehow Mrs. Geller got pregnant. She says her diaphragm got chewed up by an animal. They spent Monica's wedding fund on the beach house when she was 23 and had 7 years of fun with it.

Monica has no savings but Chandler does. He writes it on a slip of paper and it is enough for Monica's dream wedding. Phoebe gets a look and is shocked by the amount. She immediately starts flirting with Chandler.
/////Season 7A Episode 3A This is a pretty good episode. We get to see Chandler "bonding" with Mr. Geller. Probably a bit more than he wished to. This is actually done in a pretty funny way

Really good is also the part where Phoebe and Monica are trying to some up with the recipe that Phoebe inherited from her grandmother. It ends very funny. And I also like how Phoebe believes that her grandmother is in hell. This is a pretty original way of thinking

Rachel teaching Joey how to sail and being mean like her dad is a good idea as well. I almost feel bad for Joey when she yells at him because he is so bad at sailing
/////Season 7A Episode 3A Chandler starts to use glasses, but no one notices,even Monica. This makes him feel bad, because he feels that nobody really pays attention to him.

Monica asks Phoebe as a wedding gift her (Phoebe) grandmother's cookies recipe, because her cookies were the best ones she already tasted. Phoebe tells Monica that the fire in her apartment burned the cookie recipe and the only thing left was an old cookie in her refrigerator. Monica thinks that she can find the recipe's ingredients if she tastes the cookie, since she works with that.

Joey accepts Rachel's invitation to learn how to sail. Rachel sailed all her life with her father, and that's why she gets very impatient with Joey. Joey is a terrible student who doesn't pay attention or memorize anything, and that makes Rachel behave like her father, bossing him around and staying stressed.
/////Season 7A Episode 3A I love this episode. It's defiantly in my Top 10 episodes of the entire series. It has to be, it's just so funny.

In this episode Rachel is teaching Joey how to sail his boat, the one he accidentally bought at an auction, a few episodes back. Meanwhile, in my opinion, the better part of the episode, Monica wants Phoebe's Grandmother's chocolate chip cookie recipe. Phoebe eventually goes to get it and sadly, it's been burned up in the apartment fire. So she gets the one frozen cookie that was leftover, out of her freezer and Monica tries to work out the recipe from tasting it. They make so many batches, one of which makes Ross throw up, which I enjoyed. I don't like Ross. And when Joey get's back, he says, "You could've at least saved me a whole cookie", and eats the last bite. Eventually, Monica finds out that Phoebe's Grandmother's recipe wasn't her Grandmother's recipe at all. It was Nesley Tollhouse's. And that's why, and I'm quoting Phoebe here, "Why you're burning in hell!" It's just hilarious.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10.
/////Season 7A Episode 3A If you know the character of Rachel, the premise that she is a sea worthy captain of a large sail boat is preposterous. The amount of skill and intelligence required to own, sustain and operate complex transportation such as that is limited to a small fraction of the population. What a blemish on the series and an insult to its fans.
/////Season 7A Episode 3A Monica wants Phoebe's grandmother's cookie recipe as an engagement present but it was burned in the fire.

She tries making batch after batch of cookies to figure out the ingredients.

Chandler, Ross and Mr. Geller play racquetball together and then after there is an incident in the steam room. Chandler takes off his towel and hangs it on the rack. He goes into the steam room and cannot see and sits on Mr. Geller's lap.

Monica says he gave her dad a lap dance.

Again, Geller and Chandler wear robes and take off their robes to hang. Chandler turns around, naked and sees everyone in swimsuits. Geller has swim shorts on too.
/////Season 7A Episode 4A So in this episode Rachel gets promoted and needs to get a new assistant. Her getting a crush on Tag is slightly annoying, plus I didn't find it too funny that someone who has more experience but is older is not getting a job because of young guy with no experience.

Chandler, Monica and Ross telling each other all the secrets is kind of funny to some point, but again most of the things that are told are not that much fun. Sure it is funny when a straight guy makes a mistake and kisses a guy, but in this episode it was made as if kissing a guy is such a horrible thing which gives Friends a very homophobic feeling

Joey has the best story in this episode although there isn't that much going on in it either
/////Season 7A Episode 4A Joey asks the Friends what they think about his new TV show, Mac and Cheese, that was finally aired. No one really liked the show, but they don't know what to say to him. Joey is also invited to come back to Days of Our Lives, where he will be Drake's evil twin sister, Stryker. The problem is that Joey needs to do an audition as everybody else and that bothers him a lot, since he already worked in the show.

Rachel will be the new merchandising manager for Polo Retail, a job that Ralph Lauren himself offered to her. She is going to have a raise in her salary and can also hire an assistant. She makes a lot of interviews with different types of person, and a woman named Hilda is the most probable candidate to win the job, but she ends up hiring the beautiful Tag Jones. Tag doesn't have experience in the job, but he looks like a model, and for Rachel that's sufficient.

Chandler tells Ross'Disneyland story to Monica in exchange of a gossip in Phoebe's work. When Monica is making Tacos for dinner, she starts laughing when Ross tells he cannot eat them yet. Ross discovers that Chandler told Monica about his story, and they all start to tell each other's secrets.
/////Season 7A Episode 4A I love this episode, it's really funny. There are so many funny moments in this episode. Every minute has a joke that makes me laugh.

In this episode, Joey is offered a job back on Days Of Our Lives as Drake's twin brother, Striker, but Joey thinks he's offered the role, not an audition. So he goes in and refuses to read lines, so he doesn't get that role. Come on, Joey. You're an actor, auditioning is what you do. And then his show, Mac And C.H.E.E.S.E. gets cancelled. Two TV losses in one day. Harsh. Meanwhile, Rachel is promoted at Ralph Lauren and gets to hire her own assistant. And she does what Rachel does best, be stupid. Instead of hired the fully qualified assistant, she hired the inexperienced good looking one, in hopes that the two could date. And Monica tricks Chandler into spilling a very funny secret about Ross.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10.
/////Season 7A Episode 4A Rachel has two candidates to be her assistant. She hires a handsome boy whose only experience is painting homes and working at TGIF's.

Joey's Mac and Cheese show gets cancelled. Phoebe and Rachel rub their breasts up against him in response when he asks how is the show.
/////Season 7A Episode 4A Poor chandler kissed a dude and now everyone knows about it. The part where they are yelling secrets is so funny.
/////Season 7A Episode 4A The arc where Monica, Chandler and Ross expose one another's secrets is funny. Rachel and Tag story is more troubling. Hiring an assistant based on their looks is not funny. This may be Rachel's worst moment in the series.
/////Season 7A Episode 4A I'm a lifelong Friends fan, and I get that it aired 20 years ago, but the fact that they made the ultimate embarrassment Chandler accidentally kissing a (trans?) guy, just REALLY rubbed me the wrong way. They brought it up several times as the one incident that trumped all the others, and I'm sorry, but it's not a big deal, and making it a huge deal is in poor taste and just offensive.

I just couldn't believe Friends was so time deaf; although they never were really a friend to the LGBT community.
/////Season 7A Episode 5A Chandler and Monica are going to take wedding pictures to put in the newspaper. Chandler is a terrible model, and all the pictures he takes looks bad. Phoebe gives them the idea of taking pictures with a professional photographer, but not even that helps Chandler to look better in the pictures. (He looks a retarded! Its so funny!)

The Friends tell Rachel that she cannot go out with Tag,spite of the fact she still wants him. (Rachel doesn't let any other woman from her work to be close to Tag or to invite him to go out.) When Rachel asks Joey to go out with Tag to show him the city, she stays angry with Joey, because he introduced Tag to a lot of women.

Phoebe has a date with a divorced and beautiful guy named Kyle, but she asks Ross to date Kyle's ex wife, Whitney. Ross starts to enjoy Whitney company for real, but Phoebe alerts him that she is crazy and he should be careful.
/////Season 7A Episode 5A I really love this episode. It's one of my all-time favorite episodes from Season 7 and from the entire series.

In this episode, Monica and Chandler get a photo taken for a newspaper, announcing their engagement. But Chandler can't smile or even look okay in a photo. In the end, Joey steps in and takes the photo with Monica. Phoebe meets a man and they start dating. Ross meets a woman and they start dating. Only to find out that the people they're dating are divorcing each other. They become tangled in the fights only to have the couple go back to each other. And Joey teaches Tag how to pick up women, which annoys the hell out of Rachel.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10.
/////Season 7A Episode 5A Rachel wants Tag to herself. She asks Joey to take him out after a woman tells her she is hoping tonight something will happen between them. Tag comes back saying he got twenty women's numbers.

Rachel tells Joey she had a crush on him when she first met him.

Monica is photogenic but Chandler looks awkward.

Instead of having Chandler in the engagement photo Monica took it with Joey. Monica says wow they look good together imagine how good looking our kids would be. Joey replies we don't have to imagine.
/////Season 7A Episode 6A Monica tells Phoebe and Rachel that she needs to have a maid of honor, but she will let Phoebe and Rachel decide which one of them will be in Monica's wedding with this position. When they are making a toast to Monica, an unknown woman wishes Monica ''Good Luck'' in her wedding to Chandler, but in a ironic way. Monica tells Chandler about what happened, and they discover that she is Julie Graff, Chandler's camp girlfriend. Chandler tells Monica that the reason they separated from each other was because Julie got too fat, and this makes Monica stays neurotic,because she fears that Chandler can separate from her if she gets some extra weight.

Chandler let Ross and Joey watching DIE HARD, but they two end up sleeping each other's lap. When they wake up, they stay embarrassed with the situation, but Joey admits to Ross that it was the best nap he already have.

Phoebe and Rachel have a discussion of who will be Monica's maid of honor, and they even do a quizz with Ross and Joey as judges,to decide that.
/////Season 7A Episode 6A I love this episode. It's so funny. It's just so great.

In this episode, after watching Die Hard for the millionth time, Joey goes to get Die Hard II, but accidentally gets Die Hard again. So, they watch it again. Chandler leaves and Joey and Ross accidentally fall asleep, whilst cuddling each other on the couch. The wake up and freak out about what just happened. Calm down, guys. It was just a nap. Joey says it's the best nap he'd ever had, and he tries to get Ross to have another nap with him. He refuses, but in the end, they have another nap. Meanwhile, Monica decides to let Phoebe and Rachel choose who will be her bridesmaid. Phoebe says she's never done it, so Rachel let's her do it. But then she finds out that Phoebe lied and they have to start all over again. In the end they decide that they'll take turns. Such as Phoebe is Monica's, Monica is Rachel's, and Rachel is Phoebe's. After this, Monica meets Chandler's summer camp girlfriend, who wishes her luck with marrying him, but not in a nice way, in a sarcastic way. It turns out that Chandler dumped her because she gained way. Tisk, tisk, tisk, bad Chandler.

Fun Fact: Joey and Chandler watch Die Hard, which stars Bruce Willis, who later guest stars in several episodes.

Favorite Line: "This is Die Hard 1 again." - Chandler, "Yeah, but if we watch it again, it'll be Die Hard II." - Joey

Overall, I give this episode an 8 out of 10.
/////Season 7A Episode 6A This episode is pretty good. I especially like the story of Rachel and Phoebe trying to decide who will be Monica's maid of honor. The whole competition was so ridiculous and funny"! I think what was so fun about it is that guys were giving more points to the answers that seemed to be the worst for somebody being a maid of honor. And it was also very sweet how at the end Phoebe let Rachel be the maid of honor because she saw how much it meant to her. Of course Monica will not make it a pleasant experience (what were they thinking) and it was funny when Rachel said: "Wait she will be yours!"

The nap of Joey and Ross was great as well. Especially how much Joey was trying to get it again
/////Season 7A Episode 6A The girls go out to a restaurant. Rachel says its exciting Mon is going to be Mrs. Chandler Bing.

A woman from the next table overhears and wishes her good luck sarcastically. Monica finds out later from Chandler he broke up with the woman whose name is Julie because she gained 145 lbs. She got fat. Monica is offended because she once was overweight.

The girls decide who is maid of honour. Monica tells them they will decide. Phoebe and Rachel both compete with Ross and Joey as judges. Phoebe uses the boys' dirty thoughts to her advantage and for her maid of honour speech says that she remembers when her and Rachel thought about this when they were showering together - naked. The guys pause and imagine and declare the speech as well done.

Phoebe is the winner and Rachel apologizes for being a sore loser and provides the ideas she had. She has a bag full of memories and a blue garter for Monica's something borrowed.
/////Season 7A Episode 7A Joey starts to go out with Erin (Charlotte from SEX AND THE CITY!), a fantastic girl who speaks 4 languages, enjoy to drink beer and is very intelligent. Rachel and Phoebe think she is amazing, and do everything they can to make Joey realize how Erin would be great for him. Joey starts to like Erin, but the problem is that Erin doesn't want to stay with Joey.

Ross and Chandler go to the University's library where Ross' doctoral dissertation is. Ross stays angry when he sees that his work is in the part of the library that nobody cares and also that a lot of people go to make sex. Ross decides to end this and stays taking care of the Paleontoly section, avoiding people to go there with filthy ideas.

Janice complains about the food in the restaurant where Monica works, and there, she discovers not only Monica is the restaurant Headchef, but also that she and Chandler are going to marry. Chandler stays mad with Monica when he discovers that Monica invited Janice to their wedding, and tells her that she needs to learn how to lie. Monica tells Chandler that they will need to dinner with Janice and her boyfriend Clark, and they end up having even more problems when they try to dismiss Janice from their wedding, since Janice understands that she is part of their family.
/////Season 7A Episode 7A The greatest thing about this episode is that we get to see Janice again, and she is just great! I find it funny how Monica who has no problem to bully people that are close to her doesn't have the strength to say no to someone who invited herself to her wedding. Thats what people like Monica are like: they bully the ones that care about them but are scared of people who will stand up to them.

I always have to laugh at the part where Janice says "So you think of me as family?" She is so good! I actually feel sad that they found a way to uninvite her. Would love to see her singing at their wedding!

Ross protecting the paleontology section at the library was pretty funny as well. Especially when the librarian thinks that Ross is inviting him there
/////Season 7A Episode 7A Series 7 of 'Friends' is not one of my favourites, but this episode is a good one indeed.

With 3 strong storylines it also features nice guest turns from Kirstin Davis and Maggie Wheeler.

I really enjoyed the Joey storyline, and it was nice to see a deeper side to the character.

Matthew Perry still looks painfully unwell though, and that is so sad to see.

On the whole a fun episode, and one of the better ones from the 7th year.
/////Season 7A Episode 7A Joey has a one night stand with a girl named Erin. Rachel opens the bathroom and there is Erin in a towel. Joey leaves and asks Rachel to tell Erin he does not want a serious relationship. Erin comes out and says she does not mean for this to be like high school but did Joey say anything about her?

Ross is excited to find out his published doctorate book is in NYU's library - fifth floor. However when he goes there he finds students having a hot make out session. Later he tells the friends that he saw babies making babies there.

Ross stands there to defend that area. A beautiful woman with an accent comes in with blonde hair. She is interested in palaeontology and has read Ross's book. They get caught after by the library.

Erin tells the girls she isn't interested in Joey for a serious relationship. The girls have to break the news to Joey who is sad because he felt he had a connection with a girl. Rachel has short hair in this episode.

Janice appears and is annoying. She wants to invite herself over to the apartment for the night. Monica makes the excuse that Chandler still has feelings so Janice shouldn't be present.
/////Season 7A Episode 7A I really like this episode. It's so funny. Once again, suck it Ross, because he sucks. Wow, I'm so judgemental when it comes to him. He just irritates me so much.

In this episode, Janice comes to complain to Monica about her cooking at her restaurant, without knowing that Monica was the head-chef. They start talking and Janice finds out that she's engaged. Since Monica doesn't want to say she's marrying Chandler, she somehow invites Janice to the wedding. After she finds out that Monica's marrying Chandler, she is still thrilled. Monica and Chandler try to figure out a way to uninvited her nicely, so they say they just want to have a small ceremony with family only. Janice thinks that this means that they think of her as family and she plans to sing a song at their wedding. Meanwhile, Ross's dissertation is in the college library and he goes to look at it, only to find out that people hook up their, including him by the end of the episode.

Overall, I give this episode an 8 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Awesome.
/////Season 7A Episode 8A It's Thanks Giving and the Friends are playing a game that Chandler created: they need to write the name of all the American States in 6 minutes. Ross and Chandler make a bet that if Ross doesn't name all 50 the states, he will not have dinner.

Phoebe brings a dog to Monica's apartment without her consent. Chandler says that he is allergic to dogs, but Phoebe tells that the dog is in the apartment the last 3 days, what makes Chandler be honest and say that he hates dogs. Joey tells everybody that Ross hates ice cream, what make everybody stay surprised.

Tag, Rachel's assistant, just broke with his girlfriend and goes to Monica's apartment. Rachel wants to kiss him, but nobody agrees with her attitude (only Joey). Tag's car is stolen when Rachel is telling him how much she likes him.
/////Season 7A Episode 8A Ross comes in and the group is playing a game where you have to write out the states. Ross gets frustrated because he got over 1200 on his SATs and is a professor but is missing one.

Phoebe has been hiding a dog in her room for the past three days. Its name is Clunkers. Chandler is not actually allergic to dogs. He just dislikes them. Ross dislikes ice cream.

Rachel invited her assistant over for Thanksgiving. Joey thought they confessed to each other and reveals Rachel's hopes. Rachel admits she is attracted to him.

Outside in the hall, Rachel asks Tag if they could forget about the whole thing because nothing can happen between them anyways because they work together. Tag mentions the part where she said they cannot ever be together and kisses her.
/////Season 7A Episode 8A I absolutely love this episode. Honestly, I forget it's a Thanksgiving episode until I watch it, but then my memory comes shooting back. This is one of my all-time favorite episodes, from season 7 and the entire series. As well as it being probably my favorite Thanksgiving episode.

In this episode, it's Thanksgiving and as usual, Monica is hosting dinner at her apartment. Phoebe has been secretly keeping a dog in her bedroom and when Chandler finds out he gets very mad. He says he's allergic, but the truth eventually comes out. That he doesn't like dogs. So he makes everyone choose, him, or the dog. So Monica and Phoebe take him to Ross's apartment, where they decide to sneak him back. Feeling guilty, Chandler goes to bring the dog back, but believes he has ran away. Meanwhile, Tag comes over and he and Rachel kiss for the first time.

Overall, I give this this episode a 10 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Freaking Ridonkulous.
/////Season 7A Episode 8A This is actually the one weird episode where I like Monica more than Chandler. He doesn't like dogs, what the hell is wrong with him? I found it funny though how Phoebe and Monica bring the dog back and Chandler hears it Ross tells him that it is Monica crying so he believes it and goes to bring the dog back

The whole thing with Tag had some fun moments as well. Although Rachel gets more on my nerves in this story. It still had some good parts, like when Joey tells everything again, Joey and his big mouth!

And Ross trying to figure out all of the states was great as well. As well as joey telling Chandler that it "is not the globe of the USA"
/////Season 7A Episode 9A Ben learns how to ride an adult bicycle and the Friends discover that Phoebe never had her own bike because she didn't have money, spite of the fact she loved her neighbor's bike, that was pink with rainbow colored tassels hanging off the handles with bells and with a white basket. Ross feels bad for Phoebe and decides to give her the bike of her dreams, but he doesn't understand when he never sees Phoebe riding her bike. He discovers that Phoebe doesn't know how to ride a bike and try to help her with that.

Monica is doing candies to the neighbors, since she wants to know them better. The candies make a lot of success, and Monica doesn't stop to make them only to please her neighbors.

Rachel and Tag are going out together and Rachel is very happy because of that. The only problem is that people from their work cannot know about their relationship, and that is the reason why Rachel stays worried when she writes about Tag's performance in an evaluation paper that goes to Rachel's bosses.
/////Season 7A Episode 9A I really like the part with Ross, Phoebe and bike. It is so cute. Ross is being a wonderful friend. And it had some fun parts in it too, like when Ross lets go of the bike and the whole playground is judging him. And it is so sweet when he convinces Phoebe to try ride a bike because it "will die" otherwise. He just knows what to tell Phoebe

Rachel and Tag's story was pretty funny too. I like them more now as a couple than with Rachel having a crush on him. The whole idea about the evaluation was pretty funny and also when Mr. Zellner came in to talk to them

The candy story was alright. I think what I liked the most about it was Joey standing with neighbours outside demanding candy
/////Season 7A Episode 9A Monica decides to make candy and put them in a basket on the door to get to know her neighbours. The guys have no clue who their neighbours are but Joey has nicknames.

Rachel says that she doesn't sleep with guys on the first date and then Monica starts to list guys.

Monica reminisces about the first time when she rode a bike when she was 6 and it bent. Phoebe has never gotten a first bike because they didn't have a lot of money. Ross gives her a bike just like the one she described.

The gang asks to see Phoebe ride the bike and she attempts to but fails. Monica's outfit when watching is pretty.

Rachel tells Tag she made a joke evaluation after Tag tells her he sent it to HR. It was a performance evaluation about their sexual experience together. Rachel says he has a cute tiny butt and for initiation he knows how to unhook her bra.

Rachel's boss comes in asking about the evaluation that he has seen. Tag covers up for Rachel saying he made it as a joke.

Chandler tells the rather rude crowd that they ruined it and no more candy for them.
/////Season 7A Episode 10 Ross is going to stay with Ben this Christimas and wants to teach him more about Hanukkah. The problem is that Ben is used to Christimas and he loves Santa Claus, so Ross has a lot of difficulties to talk with him. Ross rents a costume of Armadillo to call Ben's attention to Hanukkahh, but his plans almost ended when Chandler arrives home wearing a Santa Claus' costume, making Ben stay more interested in Chandler then Ross.

Phoebe is excited because her apartment is almost ready but stays worried if Rachel wants to come live with her again, since Chandler told her how much Rachel likes to live with Joey. Phoebe gives Joey a lot of stuff in the hope of making Rachel go away from his apartment, like a tarantula (that Rachel loves,since she had one when she was a kid) and Drums.

Chandler tries to give money in a discrete way to people, but he is not successful in any of his tries.
/////Season 7A Episode 10 This episode is so special to me because it aired on the day I born and I like this episode so much it's so fun to watch
/////Season 7A Episode 10 The story about holiday armadillo is pretty funny. It is interesting how Ross tries to tell Ben about Hanukka and when he finally decides to use the Santa Clause costume he can't find one. So he puts on a costume of a.....Holiday Armadillo. This is do funny, it is almost ridiculous. I also liked Monica's lines here. Also how Joey comes in with a Superman costume later! This must be the craziest Christmas Bene ever had.

Funny is also how Phoebe is worried that Rachel will want to stay living with Joey. All the things that gives Jory as a present were great ideas. And how she was hearing her grandma speak

I wonder why Monica couldn't slip in the money to the waiters if she knows so well how to do it. I guess it is because she has a big mouth and doesn't do much
/////Season 7A Episode 10 Phoebe hears from Mon and Chandler that Rachel is having a lot of fun being roommates with Joey. She gets Joey a drum set and a tarantula to hopefully draw Rachel out.

Rachel however is scared of fish. She had a pet tarantula. She is literally one of the best friends you can have - she comforts Phoebe and her personality is so great.

Ben is so cute - he is one of the Sprouse brothers. Monica is everyone's dream aunt. Ross goes to a shop looking for a Santa costume two days before Christmas. He dresses up as an armadillo and calls himself the Holiday Armadillo. Later, Chandler comes dressed as Santa and Joey comes as Superman. I died, this part was way too funny. Ross really wants Ben to learn about Hanukkah because he is part Jewish.

The wall in Phoebe's apartment got torn down so now there is only one bedroom. They decide Rachel will stay with Joey.

Rachel and Phoebe come in and comment on the scene that it looks like the Easter Bunny's funeral. The menorah is lighten up.
/////Season 7A Episode 11 Monica almost ruins the whole episode with her nasty selfishness. She wants to go to her cousins wedding just because she wasn't invited (btw. i don't believe it is just because of Stuart, who would ever want that horrible relative at their wedding). So she forces Ross to take her instead of his date, he should have never done it. And then she even says that Stuart still wanted her, I won't believe it for a second, it is just her worthless personality full of self love imagining it

The one good part about it was Ross fighting the kiss, so well done!

The story with cheesecake had lots of humor. Loved to see the two of them crawling on the floor having cake and Joey joining them

Joey also once again showed what a good friend he is to Phoebe. She was very right that friends should come first, but the case with David was one of the exception cases. I also found it very funny how David compared her to the statue of Lenin in Minsk
/////Season 7A Episode 11 Monica is upset she was not invited to their cousin's wedding but Ross was and got a plus one. He was planning on taking Joan who is an assistant professor in the linguistics department. He describes her as tall and beautiful.

Rachel comes in and sees Chandler eating cheesecake that was addressed to the woman downstairs.
/////Season 7A Episode 12 The Friends are trying to see a comet that Ross wants to show them. (The Bapstein-King) Everybody is annoyed, specially because they are almost 2 hours waiting for the comet and the night is very cold. One by one, they all go away, letting only Joey and Ross alone. Joey takes the pipe that was holding the door open to use as binoculars, and now they will need to use the fire scape to get off the roof. None of them wants to go first.

Chandler cannot sleep and tries to read a boring book and to drink hot milk, but nothing works. Monica wakes up and they switch of who wakes up and who sleeps. (When Chandler sleeps, Monica wakes, and vice versa)

Phoebe is stressed with the noise of her fire alarm, that stays beeping all the time, until she destroys him.

Rachel is worried that Tag didn't send some contracts she gave him to be sent in the day, and they go to their office to check if they are there yet or not.
/////Season 7A Episode 12 It is interesting in this episode how everyone doesn't want to hear what Ross got to say about those comments. I can see that people may not always want to hear a lecture about something that is not the main topic of their interest on a free night, but if I would be watching the comments I sure as hell would like to know something

I really liked the storyline of Ross and Joey trying to get down from the building. Well acted by both and very funny. It just irked me when they both were saying why they don't want to jump and people laughed when Joey said "We are even", as if only people who have kids have a right to live and not be injured

Rachel and Tag were fun as well. I liked how at the end Tag ended up putting the forms on her desk even though she trying to cheat

Monica and Chandler weren't bad too. Pretty funny. I especially loved the ending, brilliant!

And Phoebe was alright, but I think her storyline was the least funny one
/////Season 7A Episode 12 The gang go to the roof where Ross wants to show them a star. They groan when Ross starts to lecture and teach. The gang leave except for Joey and Ross. Joey has his eyes on two girls and he previously mentioned wow look at that rack. Ross realizes that is the pipe that was holding the door. They climb down the fire escape and Ross slides down Joey resulting in a hilarious scene.

Phoebe is annoyed with her fire alarm beeping and throws it out in the trash chute. A fireman comes and gives it back saying it is illegal to dismantle it.

Rachel and Tag are having sexy time and are kissing when Rachel realizes the important paper she must ensure gets delivered. Tag claims the folder was never on his desk so they go to the office to see who is right.

Chandler cannot sleep and bothers Monica. Monica says she is sleeping meaning herself. Chandler and Monica have sex. At the end they have seven minutes before Mon has to wake up and Chandler was thinking of using it for sex. Monica on the other hand gets up to clean excitedly.
/////Season 7A Episode 13 I love the chair story. It is funny how Joey's chair and TV have names: Rositta and Stevie. And it is also great how it might have been a miracle and a chair angel repaired it. The only thing is that it makes me sad for Chandler that he lost his chair

Phoebe's story is pretty good too. I was very happy to see Jason Alexander have a part in Friends. It was a very George-like character as well, only more desperate so that he would kill himself

And when it comes to Ross and Monica, I actually felt pretty bad for Monica in this episode at least until she got the Porche. I can't say I felt too bad for Ross though, come on the guy is a professor he should afford one
/////Season 7A Episode 13 Ross and Monica find an ad in the newspaper of their parents' home being on sale. The house has issues with asbestos in the ceiling and the garage keeps flooding. Ross's stuff was perfectly kept dry but their dad uses his daughter's boxes to block the water from getting to his Porsche. Ross still has his report cards, colouring books, awards. To make it up to Monica, she is given the keys to the Porsche. Ross is jealous and reminds them he was a medical marvel, their mom was thought to be barren. Monica thinks her parents like Ross more than her.

Rachel sits on Rosita and it breaks. Rosita is Joey's barcalounger and they go out to buy a new one. Chandler comes in alone and sits on the chair which breaks and he thinks he broke it. He replaces it with his barcalounger. Rachel and Joey come back with the new La-Z-Boy barcalounger in black that was named Chair of The Year by a magazine. Rachel keeps the chair for herself and Joey envies her sound system and other cool features.

Phoebe is annoyed that she only had two clients and its February 2001. They were the worst tippers and the Geller siblings reminds her it was them. Phoebe is recommended to go into telemarketing. She gets a job in a call centre where she is to sell toner for printers. She calls her first person named Earl who tells her he is going to kill himself. He works in an office and is a manager. He sits at his cubicle and no one acknowledges him. Phoebe wonders if he is Chandler.

Phoebe goes to Earl's office and persuades him to not suicide. She claims this is fate because her mom killed herself. Phoebe is so sweet to do that.
/////Season 7A Episode 13 This is a solid episode from the 7th series of the show, and one that features 3 good storylines.

There's a lot of heart in the Ross/Monica story, and it's well played by Schwimmer and Cox.

I can't say I find Jason Alexander overly funny at the best of times, so his guest appearance here didn't do a lot for me. This is probably the weakest of the 3 stories, with Lisa Kudrow having to do a lot to keep it going.

The best story is the one involving 'Rosita' herself, with it being nice to see a Chandler/Joey story again.

A good episode overall.
/////Season 7A Episode 14 Ah turning 30. This episode always gives me some feelings of fear and sadness But all in all it is a good episode.

I really like Monica's 30st. I agree with Phoebe, I like drunk Monica more than sober Monica. Her "surprise reaction" always makes me laugh

Phoebe's was pretty good too. I liked the idea, and it ended less sad because Joey is indeed a wonderful friend

Ross's was not that fun, if it wasn't for David Schwimmer's acting I would not like anything about his story

It always makes me sad how Rachel ends her relationship with Tag because of some silly plans. Why plan life instead of living the way you feel now? But I realize that it is different for many people.

And I wish we would get bigger stories about Joey and Chandler's birthdays
/////Season 7A Episode 14 It's Rachel birthday. She is doing 30 years old and depressed for that fact. The Friends try to cheer Rachel, but they were not very happy in their own 30 year old parties as well, so they understand her. (Joey crying in his 30 year old party was the best!) Rachel didn't reached her goals before her 30's and starts to plan her life, including marriage and kids, now.

She realizes that she should be with the guy she will marry now, if she wants her plans to work out, and since this is not Tag's case (he will turn 25) they break up, ' cause Rachel thinks she needs more then fun.

This episode is full of memories about what the Friends did when they reached their 30's.
/////Season 7A Episode 14 Had me in tears at several points it was so funny. One of the best in the whole series.
/////Season 7A Episode 14 It is Rachel's 30th birthday and she is upset because she doesn't want to be called old. She is not married with kids yet. She calculates how long she has until she has to get married.

Each member of the group thinks about their own 30th birthdays. Joey cried and asked why god? When it was Chandler's Joey cried out and now Chandler is old too?! Monica had a formal surprise party but got drunk beforehand not knowing about the party.

Phoebe found out she is actually 31 when she goes to give her sister the bouncy exercise ball that she mentioned helps women with masturbation. Ursula says they are actually 31 and shows her the birth certificate she has. She sold Phoebe's to a runaway. Phoebe feels she just lost a whole year and she didn't accomplish her goals before turning 31. She didn't have the most perfect kiss yet or go to sniper school.

Joey goes after her telling the gang he thinks he should walk her. He tells Phoebe to close her eyes and he gives her a romantic kiss. Joey says now she can cross off one thing on her list.

Rachel asks to talk with Tag and they understand where it is going. Rachel breaks up with Tag because he is only 24, still a kid. She cannot be having fun anymore. She wishes she was 6 years younger.
/////Season 7A Episode 14 Wish I had that many friends to throw a surprise birthday party a 30. As a 33 year old I think everyone is so ungrateful in this episode.
/////Season 7A Episode 15 Joey's story is absolutely great. I love the idea they have for his character in DOOL. Brain implant? That makes it so ridiculous, but it is a soap, so it should be possible! And the fact that Susan Sarandon is on is great as well. She got a very good role. When she is teaching Joey to play her character it is just great. I also like how girls see her and go crazy, Monica even wants to be slapped. And her and Joey kiss!

The story of Ross playing bag pipes was not bad. I liked how he was performing in front of them all. His face was so funny, and so was Phoebe's "singing". I actually wonder when I look at it if Jennifer Anniston was actually laughing while it was happening
/////Season 7A Episode 15 Joey's character will not be in coma anymore, and he will receive a new brain from a character of the series, Jessica Lockhart. Joey will be Jessica in Drake Ramoray's body. Joey will meet with the actress who plays Jessica to ask some tips of how act like her, but the actress didn't knew she was not going to stay in the show anymore. After some time trying to convince her, The actress finally agrees to help Joey. (specially because he made her a lot of compliments!)

Phoebe and Rachel compete to see who is going to stay with the cellphone of a hot guy they saw in Central Perk, only to later discover that the cellphone is from an old man.

Monica and Chandler aren't happy with the idea of Ross playing bagpipe in their wedding,specially because Ross doesn't know how to play it well.
/////Season 7A Episode 15 Ross thinks it is ridiculous that the new script has a brain transfer and Joey comments on Ross not having had any sex for the past few months.

Ross wants to pay the bagpipes at the wedding because Chandler is half-Scottish.

Joey has sex with the older female actress whose character is leaving the show and he will be replacing her.
/////Season 7A Episode 16 Ross asks Rachel to take care of Ben for 1 hour while he has a meeting at the dean's office. Rachel is not used to deal with kids, so she stays nervous to stay alone with Ben. They both stay bored and Rachel ends up teaching a lot of mean things she did when she was a kid to Ben. When Ross discovers the things Rachel taught Ben, he stays angry with her and tells her that he doesn't want his kid learning this kind of stuff.

Chandler and Monica have difficulties in finding someone to perform their wedding and they don't like the people who are available. Phoebe gives the idea of one of the friends to perform the ceremony, because anyone can be ordained on the internet and perform weddings. Joey wants to do it,since Monica's and Chandler's wedding will have an important meaning for him, so he insists in the idea until Monica and Chandler agree with him.

Chandler discovers that in London, the person that Monica thought about in the first place to have sex was Joey and not him.
/////Season 7A Episode 16 So in this episode Joey gets permission to perform the wedding ceremony of Chandler and Monica. And he gets to write the speech. It absolutely cracks me up, the whole ceremony consist mainly out of 3 words: giving, receiving and sharing. The way they are overused is very funny.

I also liked how we got to see a bit more from London. Now we know how Monica ended up in Chandler's bed. And the idea that she actually wanted to end up with Joey was pretty good too

Rachel being all funny and teaching Ben all the practical jokes was a great idea. What was even better is how Rachel tries to stop Ben making those jokes because Ross doesn't like them and ends up teaching him swear words
/////Season 7A Episode 16 There was IMO a marked decrease in quality. Went from being actually funny to annoying. I think this was my lowest drop. Had some stinkers in between, but I think this is point where it went from being a good show with a few bad ones...to a barely decent show with a few good ones. There are some memorable parts in episodes from season 7, but they become bright spots in otherwise blah episodes.

I found earlier episodes easily rewatchable...but these mid to later episodes are more...do i want to put up with 16 minutes of ehh for those 1 or 2 good scenes/plots? Depends what mood I'm in.
/////Season 7A Episode 16 Monica and Chandler are looking for a minister. They met one who is a spitter and one who keeps staring at Monica's breasts. Phoebe informs them she can get ordained on the Internet and then Joey jumps in calling it.

Phoebe accidentally slips that Monica wanted someone else that night in London - Joey. She wanted to do something stupid because she was upset that guy thought she was Ross's mom and wanted sex with Joey. Chandler is upset and the gang wonders what would have happened if she ended up with Joey.

We go back to London where Monica kisses Chandler and tells him she is drunk but not drunk enough he would be taking advantage of her. They slip under the covers and take off their clothes. At the same time they lift the covers to see each other naked and Chandler says their friendship is definitely ruined.

Joey comes in and Chandler says he was watching a movie. Joey thinks he meant a dirty movie. Joey goes to get condoms and throws the last one to Chandler who asked for one.

Cute little Ben is with Aunt Rachel as Ross goes to a meeting at the school. Ben is Cody from The Suite Life of Zack and Cody. He plays pranks and then near the end of the episode, Rachel is asked to babysit Ben again. However actually they play a prank on Rachel where they throw down a Ross-lookalike down the stairs.
/////Season 7A Episode 17 Monica's dress story isn't so bad. I really liked how they were buying that dress. How Rachel was all scared and how Monica took the dress from that other woman while holding her down on the floor. I also must say that I liked how Monica gave up her dress so that Chandler can have the band he wanted. Seeing her giving up something for others is unusual, and it was sweet

Ross and Joey dating the same girl had good parts as well. My favorite is when Ross said he wouldn't want to be the other guy to Joey, not knowing yet that thats who he was. And of course the part where they tell all the bad things about each other in the restaurant in front of her
/////Season 7A Episode 17 Chandler got into swing music after seeing a Gap commercial. Monica also wears a Gap hoodie later.

Monica tries on a beautiful wedding dress and she plans on going to Kleinfeld's later for their sale and buy the same dress. A woman named Meghan compliments her dress and Monica tells her about the sale. The woman asks about other details and choices for the wedding.

She rounds the girls up at Kleinfeld's where a giant crowd is also waiting. She hands them whistles and tells them to blow three times when they find the dress and she shows a picture of it.

Meghan grabs the dress at the same time that Monica grabs it. She shows her true side and says she wants to buy it. Later Monica has her on the floor and the girls grab the dress for her.

Meghan calls the apartment saying she booked The Swing Kings and won't give them to her if she doesn't give Meghan the dress.

Monica tries on the dress and shows Chandler.

Ross and Joey fight over a girl and at a bistro that Ross takes the girl, Joey shows up. They get back at the other saying the other's weaknesses.
/////Season 7A Episode 18 I really like this episode. All the stories are absolutely hilarious and well acted

The one with Joey's award is just great. I like the whole idea and how Rachel went with him. His reaction to not winning the award was too funny, well done by Matt LeBlanc

Ross's issues with his students was my favorite part in the episode. The idea itself was great and they also made a great job in selecting students. Both Kyle Howard and Vince Vieluf were absolutely brilliant. And the ending of it was a great idea as well

It was also funny to watch Monica trying to compete with Phoebe about having an exciting relationship
/////Season 7A Episode 18 Joey is nominated for Days of Our Lives for a Sopie, the third most prestigious soap opera award. Rachel is going with Joey to the ceremony, since she is a big fan of soap operas and ceremonies. Joey starts to dream that he won the award, but Rachel tells him that he needs to practice on his ''loser face''.

Ross decides to talk to Morse, one of his students. Ross failed Morse because he was doing terrible in the exams, but Morse tells Ross that he is in love with him, and he cannot focus in the classes because of that. Ross talk about this problem with Rachel and Joey, and they tell Ross to ''take it easy'' with the kid. Ross helps Morse with his grades, but discovers that Morse is lying when other student tries the same thing to raise his grades.

Phoebe dates Jake, a guy she met in the cafeteria and is all excited with their relationship. Monica starts to panic seeing Phoebe's relationship, thinking that she will never have a first kiss again or to sleep with somebody else.
/////Season 7A Episode 18 Joey is nominated for a Soapie.

Phoebe's comments get Monica to thinking how she needs to mourn what she will be losing once she is married. She won't have the new relationship feelings or a first kiss anymore.

Rachel tells Joey he may not win and his category is hard. She demonstrates how to act graciously when somebody wins.

At the Soapies, Rachel asks Joey if he is prepared and he demonstrates his reactions that he practiced. Another person wins and Joey forgets what he is supposed to do and shows his anger.

Monica sits with Chandler and asks if he has any the same sort of feelings. Chandler does not and he says he has anxiety when having a conversation with a new person or having sex for the first time. Now he is too with Monica now that she brought this up. Monica says they will buy their first house and have their first baby and he says he is sweating again.
/////Season 7A Episode 19 Joey is going to do an audition for a movie about Italian brothers, but they want Joey to be totally naked. Joey needs to think about the idea, since his grandmother is going to watch it. When he decides to accept the role, he discovers that he cannot be circumcised, since the director wants all aspects to be 100% true to the story. Monica decides to make a ''cap'' made of different types of material, to help Joey with his audition.

Monica and Chandler make a pact of not sleeping together until their wedding. Cassie, Monica's cousin, is going to stay in Monica's house for a couple of days, but since Chandler is attracted to her, Monica asks Ross to let Cassie stay in his house. Ross accepts it, but when he sees his cousin, he also feels attracted to her, trying to remember that they are related to each other all the time.

Phoebe and Rachel need to make a Bridal shower to Monica, but they have few time available to organize everything.
/////Season 7A Episode 19 Have to agree with "Dull all round" to a point. It was just a weird episode. "Friends" has a lot of LOL episodes, but this was a "laugh uncomfortably" one. I can't believe they came up with this. Maybe different writers? I kind of wish they hadn't said anything.
/////Season 7A Episode 19 I dislike this episode I'm afraid to say.

The main reason for this is that I don't think any of the story lines really work, despite the best efforts of the actors.

The Ross/Monica's cousin story line is more creepy than funny, and a good guest star in Denise Richards is wasted.

The Monica/Chandler story isn't that funny, and it's clear that sadly due to Matthew Perry's personal problems he wasn't around a lot during the making of this episode.

The Joey/Monica story isn't much better.

A dull episode.
/////Season 7A Episode 19 Rachel and Phoebe scramble to get together a bridal shower for Monica who assumes they have it planned out.

Joey is up for a part in a movie but it requires nudity. Monica comments everyone would see Joey's penis and laughs.

Cousin Cassie comes over and first stays at Monica's but Chandler keeps staring at her as her hair swishes side to side.

Next she stays at Ross who cannot believe that is his cousin. He notes she noticed him as a kid. She swishes her hair and he stares. When they watch a film with the dim lights, she reaches for the popcorn in his lap and he just stares up at the ceiling. Her reaching for the popcorn is like reaching to give a hand job.

Joey undresses and pulls down his pants to show how he looks nude. His putty (the extra bulge he put in) falls out.

Ross moves in for a kiss and she is disgusted by him. She stays with Phoebe and once again gets stared at by Phoebe when she swishes her hair.
/////Season 7A Episode 19 The one good story in this episode is that with Joey's movie role. I found it weird though when that woman for some reason couldn't say that he shouldn't be circumcised. What is so hard and embarrassing about those words? But have Monica prepare several foreskins for Joey was a riot. Especially since he ate some. And the way it falls off and he says that it never happened before was pretty funny too

The story with the cousin was boring. The only thing I liked was how Ross was trying to figure out what to say and the sentence he came up with

And the only good thing about Monica's bridal shower story was that she got to feel like that nasty person that she is
/////Season 7A Episode 19 I have watch all the 10 seasons of Friends and i love this show. And when i think what is my favorite episode of Friends. Absaloutly my houmor. About Monica and Ross's coussin who came and this is just laugh all time. This song and all. I watch this episode very often and i laugh very hard all the times. And if i watch this 100 times often i will also laugh. So funny!
/////Season 7A Episode 20 If you have a mind like Joey this one will be the episode of the century. It's just a shame he did not see what we saw.
/////Season 7A Episode 20 Chandler gets help from Rachel for picking out a tux and is interested in the celebrities' tuxes. He chooses a James Bond tux. Ross picks out a Batman tux.

A woman from Ray-Ray's sorority recognizes her and they go out to dinner. Joey loves imagining girls kissing. Phoebe does not believe that Rachel never did something wild because she is so vanilla. The woman denies ever remembering the kiss where they wore coconut shell bras. Phoebe says somewhere Joey's mind is going wild. Rachel kisses the woman and then the woman admits she remembers the kiss. She assumes Rachel's kiss is a love confession.

Phoebe kisses Rachel to see what the fuss is about.
/////Season 7A Episode 21 Again one of the bad episodes that is made out of old flashbacks

The only good part is that those flashbacks are mainly from the funniest episode where everyone finds out

We basically get to see the whole story again only shortened

The plot of this episode is very thin

So they do their vows and have trouble to come up with them

yawn

And of course Monica is being nasty at the end again because Chandler's vows are funny and Miss Dictator has no sense of humor and wants everything to be just her way
/////Season 7A Episode 21 Monica and Chandler are going to marry in four weeks, and they decide to write their personal vows to each other. But they both have difficulties in doing that, and they ask help to different Friends: Chandler asks Joey's and Ross' help, while Monica wants Phoebe's and Rachel's.

When they finally stop to write it, apparently Monica's vows are beautiful, while Chandler's are funny. Chandler ends up stealing Monica's vows and only changing the name on it.

In this episode, some old episodes are shown again, showing Monica's and Chandler relationship beginning to grow to something bigger.
/////Season 7A Episode 21 Season 7 was AMAZING, so why, oh why, did its flashback episode have to be the third worst episode of the show, ever? Unlike some clip shows which I found entertaining (s4, s8 and s10's), this one's quite a drag. There's nothing wrong with it, except that like 98.5% of the episode is filed with clips, and those clips are SO long. Don't know why they had to make the flashbacks so longer, because atleast previous episodes had SOME time where flashbacks aren't being shown, but this one has the longest flashbacks that just drag on and on. So much more could've been done with the episode, but no, they had to make an episode with 1,5 minutes of new material and 21 minutes of clips. Easily one of the most boring episodes of the show-but again, it's not bad, it's only okay, but it is terrible by FRIENDS standards.
/////Season 7A Episode 21 One of those flashback episodes which you can skip.
/////Season 7A Episode 21 This episode recaps Monica and Chandler's relationship.

The gang wonders if the friendship will change after the marriage. Married couples will have kids and befriend other couples with kids. They might move away and live near a Volvo dealership.

Joey says out loud he wants things to stay as they are.
/////Season 7A Episode 21 Another dreary flashback episode basically, with very little new material.

Unless you're really, really keen to see old clips again, this is one to skip.
/////Season 7A Episode 22 One of the very good episodes I really like the story of Rachel and Ross on the porche. It was already pretty funny how she got behind the wheel but it gets even better when she gets stopped but gets out of ticket by flirting with the officer. And it gets even better when Ross is stopped for being too slow and tries to get out of his ticket using Rachel's method. Absolutely hilarious! It was also great how Monica convinced Chandler to go see his cross dressing father. Chandler was really irritating me in this episode. But I can understand him because his father left him for this, it would be surprising if he was ok with this from the start. But the moment where he invited his father to come to the wedding was very moving.
/////Season 7A Episode 22 Stealing someone's car when they specifically told you not to touch their car? She is so manipulative and spoiled it's not funny.
/////Season 7A Episode 22 Monica insists on going to Vegas to see Chandler's dad who doss drag shows. She gives him his suitcase and off they fly to Vegas. They get a table at the drag show and Monica is unsure whether to address their server as waiter or waitress. Chandler's dad comes out in glam and performs.

Rachel is annoyed that everyone else gets to drive the Porsche except her because Mon thinks she is a terrible driver. Rachel steals the keys from Ross and twenty bucks. She starts up the vehicle and Ross gets into the backseat. They are stopped by an officer and Rachel flirts with him saying she had a dream last night Officer Handsome. The officer plays into it and compliments her photo saying she looks gorgeous. Ross says yeah because that was taken like 10 years ago. The officer checks Rachel's birthday and asks about her horoscope sign. Rachel guesses his horoscope and they end in good terms.

Ross takes the driver's seat and is stopped for going too slow. He tries to pull the same flirting like Rachel did with Officer Pretty. It doesn't work.

Phoebe and Joey talk as Joey saw Jake, her boyfriend, with pink lacy panties when he bent over. Phoebe says yeah they are wearing each other's underwear. Phoebe is wearing his briefs and Joey says that is kinda hot. Phoebe says he is secure about his masculinity and only guys who are can wear panties.

Back at the apartment Joey takes out a purple thong from the laundry. He changes it for a red panty with less exposure. He then shows Phoebe.
/////Season 7A Episode 22 Why? because here you get to see what kind of demanding controlling witch monica is...chandler you can do a whole lot better dude....yu're gojng to be banished to the garage if you marry her..>DONT DO IT CHANDLER! RUN LIKE HELL!
/////Season 7A Episode 23 Joey is called to play a soldier in a movie of the First World War. There, he meets Richard, a famous actor who is very talented, but always spit in Joey's face,making him uncomfortable. Eventually Joey talks with Richard about the annoying habit, but Richard tells him that it is a technique to make him sound more convincing.

Chandler starts to feel neurotic about the fact that he is going to be Monica's husband,because they are going to be ''The Bings''. This makes him disappear just leaving a message, and Ross is going to search for him in everywhere while Rachel and Phoebe makes Monica stay distracted.

At the wedding reception, a lot of terrible situations happens with Chandler's parents, like his mother wearing a very tiny dress for her age or his dad looking as feminine as his mother.

Phoebe finds a positive pregnancy test in the bathroom's garbage, and she assumes that Monica is pregnant.
/////Season 7A Episode 23 Joey has a great story in this episode. he is playing a soldier in a war movie. It is pretty funny how nobody knows who was involved in WW1. At least Rachel knows that it weren't Nazis! And the whole story with spitting was a great idea. I like how Joey tries the technique for the first time and simply spits in the other actor's face

The idea that Chandler will freak out was kind of predictable but I liked how they dealt with it. I found it very funny for example how Phoebe thought the Chinese woman may be Chandler because he could be in disguise

And we get another exciting plot line when Phoebe finds a positive pregnancy test in garbage!
/////Season 7A Episode 23 Gary Oldman is one of a kind in this episode. His performance with spitting his parts into Joey's eyes makes my sides split with laughter. But his "You wouldn't happen to have a really big fork?" just tops it all. Excellent episode!
/////Season 7A Episode 23 Chandler gets the older brother talk from Ross who tells him he will kick his butt if he makes his little sister cry.

Monica wears a beautiful red low-cut dress that hits at the knee. Rachel wears a cute dress with white flowers in her ponytail. Chandler starts to get nervous about commitment and being Mr. and Mrs. Bing. Chandler comments on his mom's low dress. The Gellers show up to the rehearsal and meet Chandler's mom. Mr. Geller asks if she is the mother or father. He walks away with his wife saying he has never seen one before.

Joey got a part and the setting is during World War I. The other actor he plays with who was nominated for Oscars keeps spitting in his face though. Later he explains he does that on purpose because enunciation is important for actors.

Ross looks everywhere for Chandler and goes to the cafe where he is surprised to see his parsnts who wanted to see what the fuss was about the cafe. Ross's dad says his mom put that blonde man on her list. His mom explains it is the list for who they can sleep with. His mom points out Gunther.

Phoebe and Rachel go to Monica's washroom where there is no toilet paper. Phoebe goes through the garbage and finds a positive pregnancy test.
/////Season 7A Episode 24 I liked how Rachel was trying to not let Monica notice that Chandler is missing and trying to keep her from getting ready. She did it in a very funny way

I also like how Ross thought that he lost Chandler for the second time and asked the parents if they saw him because they were playing hide and seek and his dad told him that this would be cheating

Joey's story is hilarious again. I really liked drunk Richard, especially when he wonders if Joey's ass is his.

The wedding itself was good too. I am glad they didn't make it cheesy but funny. Like when Joey runs into the hall with his army uniform yelling "These are mine lines"

And I like the ending when we find out that it wasn't Monica's pregnancy test
/////Season 7A Episode 24 Rachel asks Phoebe to save the information about Monica's pregnancy from everybody.

Ross searches for Chandler, this time with Phoebe's help,since she thinks that he is terrible looking for Chandler.

Rachel tries to makes Monica stay a little late with stupid things, like complaining about not being married.

Joey tries to talk to people from the Movie Production that he cannot rehearse, since he has a wedding to go, but they say that the scene Joey needs to tape is short. The only problem is that Richard is drunk and until he is okay, nobody can rehearse.

Chandler is in panic because he thinks that all marriages ends in a bad way, and he fears that the same thing will happen to him. Ross and Phoebe find Chandler in his work and Ross convince him to make things in a slow way, but always taking care of Chandler to not scape again. Eventually Ross tells Chandler that he is going to be a dad.
/////Season 7A Episode 24 Chandler is missing and Ross and Phoebe go look for him. They find him in his office and he said he should have hid in the gym. He was looking on the Internet for proof that Monica and him are related.

Rachel tells Monica that Chandler is missing but Phoebe comes right on time signalling a thumbs up to Rachel. Rachel manages to end off with 's vest. Phoebe says she found it. Monica says it could be the worst possible thing to happen.

Joey is stuck on set with a drunk guy he is to keep doing the same scene with until they get it.

Monica puts on her wedding dress and Chandler is with Ross.

Joey comes a little late and performs his minister duties a bit messily but at last they are married. Monica tells Chandler she did not take that pregnancy test. The camera zooms in slightly to Rachel.
/////Season 8A Episode 1A It's Monica's and Chandler's wedding and everything is well. Everybody thinks that Monica is pregnant, until the news arrive to her. She says that she is not pregnant and this is a false gossip.

The first person to know that Rachel is the one who is pregnant is Phoebe, but Rachel asks Phoebe to not tell anything to anyone. Phoebe tries to lie that she is pregnant, but Monica discovers very fast that Rachel is the one who is expecting. Rachel hides the baby's father's identity, but she is happy even with all the difficulties.

Chandler did dance lessons to make Monica happier, but his new shoes are slippery, what makes him not dance very well.

Ross meets Mona, a blond woman who works with Monica in the restaurant, and gets interested on her. He tries to approach her, but first he has problems when he stays in a different table and then later,when he needs to dance with all the little girls instead of dancing with her.

Joey meets Dennis Phillips, the responsible for a musical on Broadway that Joey is interested. Dennis dates Chandler's mom, and Joey asks Chandler to help him with the opportunity.
/////Season 8A Episode 1A I love this episode it's so funny. And it is just a great storyline.

So, we pick up where we left off last season. At Monica and Chandler's wedding. Everyone thinks that Monica is pregnant even when she denies. When her parents find out that she's not, they get so sad, and she says "But I did get married today", and they go "That's great, dear", in a non- happy tone. Phoebe takes control of the pregnancy rumour has says that she is pregnant, to protect Rachel. Phoebe and Rachel have a long discussion about it. Then Monica talks to Rachel about Phoebe's "pregnancy", saying how irresponsible it was. Rachel breaks down and admits that she's pregnant, not Phoebe. They all go into the bathroom, where Rachel takes a pregnancy test, just to make sure. Phoebe tells Rachel that she's not pregnant and she starts crying, out of sadness. But then Phoebe says that she was lying to get her real reaction, and that she is in fact, pregnant. Meanwhile, Chandler won't get on the dance floor, due to his shoes being to slippery. And Ross switches tables to be with a nice woman he met. But he read the card wrong, and is put at the kids table. Then all of the kids ask him to dance. So he does to impress Mona, the girl he liked.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10.
/////Season 8A Episode 1A The end of series 7 revelation that one of the girls was pregnant seems to have reinvigorated the writers, and this is a strong series 8 opener, in which we learn that it is in fact Rachel who is pregnant.

Not only does this episode manage to be very heartfelt with the Rachel story line but it is also very funny, as poor Ross ends up having to dance with all the little girls at the wedding, when he'd much rather be dancing with Mona.

I thought the Chandler story line was a bit thin, but it was nice to see Joey being given more to do with his very odd toast.

A fun episode all round.
/////Season 8A Episode 1A Beautiful episode and funny too.

The gang takes photos and then Ross tells Joey that Mon is pregnant. Joey congratulates them and asks if that is why they got married. Mon says she is not and asks Ross if he told anybody. He says no and he will be back. Joey comments saying late swimmers, eh? Phoebe says she is pregnant but Rachel looks guilty for some reason.

The band announces the Bings for the first time and everyone starts dancing and mingling at their tables. Ross has his eyes on a pretty girl who works with Mon.

Joey bought white clothes from the gift shop. He wears shorts and a tee.

Chandler revealed he took dancing lessons but his shoes are too slippery to dance well. Chandler asks Joey his shoe size and Joey claims to be 11 and a half. Chandler says those aren't and Joey says he is a 7 and although he has unusually small feet he is good in size for there.

The girls are in the bathroom and wait for the pregnancy test. Phoebe announces it is negative and Rachel becomes emotional and wonders how can she be upset about something she never had. Phoebe then announces she lied and it is positive. The girls hug and celebrate.

The episode is dedicated to New York City. 9/11 took place a little before this episode was released.
/////Season 8A Episode 2A Ross's idea to replace the pictures didn't make sense to me. Even if Monica would fall for it wouldn't she be upset that the only people one can see on the pictures are Ross and Chandler? But it did bring us a few laughs. Like when they were trying not to take a picture of the couple or when Ross told a guy that his car will be towed It was funny how Joey proposed to Phoebe thinking that she is pregnant and then to Rachel.

And I loved the whole red sweater mystery. Also how they played it by making us first think that it was Tag and then that it was Ross. Also loved Tag's reaction to Rachel being pregnant, very funny
/////Season 8A Episode 2A There's a lot to like in this second episode of the eighth series of 'Friends'.

I liked that the writers gave Ross and Chandler a story line together, with them trying to re-stage the wedding pictures after the disposable cameras (remember them?!) were lost.

Monica trying not to open the presents wasn't that interesting a story line, and not for the first time I found the character to be a bit annoying.

The revelation about who the father of Rachel's baby was wasn't that unexpected, but the scenes focusing on that story are nicely played out.

Series eight has started very well indeed.
/////Season 8A Episode 2A Everybody is complaining in the Hotel about Joey's snacks and porn movies.

Monica is upset that she is never going to be a bride again, and Chandler, to let her a little happier, tells her that he is going to get developed the pictures from the disposable cameras from their wedding. But Chandler has difficulties to find the cameras, and Ross tells him that he is going to help him.

Monica arrives in her house and stays anxious to open the wedding presents. She needs to wait chandler to arrive, but Monica's self control is not the best, and she ends up opening all their presents.

Chandler and Ross don't find the cameras in any place, so Ross suggests to them to pretend that the next wedding is Chandler's wedding, so they can take the pictures again.

Phoebe continues to pretend to be pregnant to Joey, but Monica tells him that Rachel is the one who's really pregnant.

Joey tells that some time ago, Rachel slept in the apartment with some dude he didn't see who was, but he left his red sweater in their house.
/////Season 8A Episode 2A Monica is no longer a bride, 'now I'm just somebody's wife'. I hated that line, A LOT. Does that mean Monica just wanted an elegant wedding day where she would be the center of attention and get to wear a white dress BUT NOT what comes after... married life? I felt sorry for poor Chandler and wished he'd called her out on that stupid remark instead of going out of his way to cheer her up. And Monica used her so called depression as an excuse to open the wedding presents without Chandler, even though she was persuaded not to. Monica was really shallow and selfish in this episode. I thought it was funny the way Chandler and Ross tried to replace the missing photographs but they should've known it wouldn't have worked! But still, very kind on their part. So is Joey, who offered to marry Rachel to give the child a father figure and Phoebe's comical jealousy was a plus. My first suspect of Rachel's pregnancy WAS Tag, imagine my shock when it was revealed it was actually Ross. My words were 'OH NO!!!' What were they thinking putting this mismatched pair back again; this time by making them parents? Still... a very good episode.
/////Season 8A Episode 2A Yes, we finally find out who the father of Rachel's baby is. And I have to tell you, I hated the answer, but I wanted to know, and I did find out, so the episode is still very good.

In this episode, we finally find out who the father of Rachel's baby is. We find out that he had a red sweater. And when Phoebe finds out who she thinks it is, she arranges to have Tag meet up with Rachel. It turns out that Tag wasn't the father, and at the very last second, we see Ross see the sweater and say, "Oh my sweater, I've been looking everywhere for this". Yes, that's right. Ross Gellar is the father. Bit of a downer, isn't it. For me it was. Monica is upset that she is no longer a bride, and that she is just a wife. How sad. So, to make herself feel better, she opens all of the presents without Chandler. Chandler and Ross accidentally lose all of the disposable cameras from the wedding. And to make sure Monica is happy, they get dressed, and head down to their wedding hall, and re-take photos. Chandler even kisses another woman to make it look like it was Monica. We find out that the cameras were in the wrong suitcase. But Monica can't be mad about the kiss, because she opened all of the presents.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10.
/////Season 8A Episode 2A The gang checks out of the hotel and some are annoyed by the extra costs they did not make - Meshuga nuts and movies - which were actually expenses from Joey.

Phoebe acts like she is pregnant. Joey tells Phoebe being a single mom is hard and gets down on one knee and proposes.

Monica loves all the presents and cannot wait to open them with Chandler. She opens them herself. The wrappings and bows are beautiful.

Phoebe found a red sweater and tells Rachel she told the father to meet her in the cafe. She shows Rachel the sweater. Inside it is Tag looking handsome and he wants to get back together. Rachel tells him she is pregnant and he is alarmed.

Ross and Chandler fake the disposable cameras' photos by taking photos of another person's wedding in their tuxes. Chandler kisses the bride and they run after Ross takes the photo.

Joey proposes to Rachel and asks Phoebe for the ring back. Phoebe refuses. Rachel says he is sweet but she is not looking for a husband.

Back at the apartment Chandler shows the photos but then Monica says she has the disposable cameras and shows a plastic baggie with them. Chandler is shocked she opened the presents and Monica is shocked he kissed another woman. They call it even.

Ross sees his red sweater and says hey I've been looking for this for months. He leaves and Monica, Phoebe and Joey are left with their mouths open and eyes wide in shock.
/////Season 8A Episode 2A I'm revisiting old episodes to see if they stand up to time. I can't remember which season Friends stopped being enjoyable. I THINK it was a little bit after Monica and Chandler get together. This is pretty much how I remember it. Not very good. Just coasting at this point. Mildly funny with barely interesting story lines. I may have to go back a few seasons to get back to really good episodes.

I was wondering what these episodes were going to be rated on imdb. Absurd someone rated this a 9...or a 10. There are actually amazing episodes of Friends, and this ain't one of them. Could have been a 7...a fine episode, but nothing truly memorable or funny about this episode. Ross being the father reveal doesn't offset the dumb plot line of a 30 something bride acting like a child with presents...FFS.
/////Season 8A Episode 2A This was a very funny episode despite some obvious plot holes that left a person scratching their head. The storyline with Ross and Chandler was hilarious, but it still made you wonder how they planned to really pull it off. Why didnt they search for the actual camaras instead of trying to recreate the wedding? And how would they explain every picture with only them in it, and that suddenly all the guests were horrible photographers? Really, someone is going to take a picture while holding up a fork? I'm still baffled as to how they thought Monica wouldnt notice.

The plotline with Joey ordering porn and charging machiganuts to each of their rooms was funny, but also confusing. I may just not know how ordering movies in a hotel worked back then, but still dont get how he could order 3 different porn movies and charge it to each of their rooms. And the machiganuts were in the mini bar. He would have had to get into each of their rooms to get the nuts out of their mini bars. Perhaps he could pull off getting into Rachel and Phoebe's room, and Ross' as well, but no way he gets past Monica and Chandler on their wedding night. Which brings me to a confusing comment Monica made, " oh no, I cant believe Chandler ordered porn on our wedding night". Was she not in the room? I dont know how long porn movies normally run, but I cant imagine she went somewhere else on her wedding night so long that Chandler had time to watch a whole movie.

The main plot of trying to decipher who the father was, was very good. Was a bit disappointed that Ross was the father but storylines with Rachel and Tag would have been hard to write so I get why they decided on Ross.
/////Season 8A Episode 3A Rachel telling it to Ross was just hilarious. His complete shock and being unable to talk was done so well. And when it comes to condoms it is very fun as well. Of course it is unbelievable that Ross (and Joey) wouldn't know that condoms aren't 100% effective but it was great to see how he was calling the condom company to complain

The scene at the doctor's office is great as well. It is pretty funny how Rachel doesn't see the fetus but lies because she is afraid it would make he look like a bad mother

Phoebe had some great lines. "This door was like a child to them" and "This is brand new information!" were both very funny

I liked the original story of Monica and Chandler much better than what they filmed after. Too bad it had to be replaced because of 9/11
/////Season 8A Episode 3A Rachel tells everybody that she is going to tell the baby's father the pregnancy news, but Phoebe, Monica and Joey already know it is Ross,since the red sweater belongs to him. Everybody is excited and Rachel asks the Friends a help to how tell Ross about the new.

Chandler is upset that Monica didn't say anything about Rachel's pregnancy, but she tells him that he doesn't know how to keep a secret.

Chandler and Monica are going to their honeymoon, and are angry that another couple who is on honeymoon and a little forward to then, are always taking the good things from the first class, making them not have any benefits.

Phoebe forgets her guitar inside Monica's apartment, but since nobody else has it's key anymore,Joey and her invented a lie that her apartment is leaking gas, so the fireman can destroy the door and she can enter to take the guitar.

Phoebe and Joey tells Ross that Rachel wants to talk to him, but he thinks that Rachel wants to sleep with him again. When Rachel tells him that she is pregnant, he stays totally ''freezed''.
/////Season 8A Episode 3A Monica and Chandler go to the airport and get annoyed when a couple ahead of them get a bunch of free stuff for being on their honeymoon.

Everyone finds out except for Ross. Ross finds Rachel waiting for him at his door, sitting on the floor. Ross assumes she wants sex again and says he can do it again one more time.

Rachel tells Ross she is pregnant and he is shocked to learn that condoms work like 97 percent of the time. He calls Trojan's president.

Joey is shocked to learn that condoms don't always work and pulls out a long string of condoms to check the effectiveness.

Rachel goes to the gynaecologist and her feet are set apart. She wears a blue hospital gown and a sheet covers her lower half. Ross keeps lingering around her lower half and she has to constantly remind Ross to be near her head.

Ross thinks they should get married and Rachel asks if that is his answer to everything. They aren't even in love.

They look at the sonogram together.
/////Season 8A Episode 3A For whatever reason there was almost an air of a 'comeback' about the 8th series of 'Friends' and its all the better for it.

The 'Rachel's having a baby' story line is very much at the centre of this and there's lots of humour to be found as she tries to tell Ross that he's the father.

Joey and Phoebe are largely side-lined, but have some nice moments working together in a slight third story line.

Of course sadly the Monica/Chandler story line had to be re-written as a response to 9/11 and while that makes for the odd continuity error, the story line that the writers came up with quickly is actually quite good.

This is another good series 8 episode.
/////Season 8A Episode 3A God I hate her. Loud. Overacting. Sometimes Ross is so nice. sometimes he is a jerk. How can he force Rachael to marry him?
/////Season 8A Episode 4A I really like this episode and is as good as The One with the Embryos!

This episode is basically about Ross and Rachel disagreeing about who asked to have an affair and Ross accidentally reveals that he videotaped the time by " accident" and everyone wants to watch the video. Spoilers, Rachel ends up being the one who came on to Ross.

Meanwhile,Monica and Chandler brag about this amazing couple they met while they were on their honeymoon but when they find out that they "gave them the wrong number", they get annoyed.

Even though this episode could have been funnier, It is such a good story in my opinion.

Score out of 10: 10 out of 10!
/////Season 8A Episode 4A This is a great episode. We get to know how Ross and Rachel ended up sleeping together.And they don't just tell it to us but make it an interesting episode

We are facing the question: who made the first move? And both Rachel and Ross insist that the other one did. But luckily there is a videotape to find out.

And the videotape gives us some fun moments. First the reaction of the group when Rachel tries to destroy the tape is just great. And so is her reaction to Ross supporting her destroying them. And we see how Rachel dealt with the invites (Monica's face is just priceless) and that they even did it on the invites, the ones that were framed.

And the ending was well done! I really didn't expect that.
/////Season 8A Episode 4A This episode is definitely one of the top 3 episodes of the series.
/////Season 8A Episode 4A Ross to Joey: hey joey I wanta talk to you about something that kinda makes me uncomfortable. Joey: ok... how about you showering with your mom?
/////Season 8A Episode 4A Monica and Chandler are back from their honeymoon, but all they can talk about is the couple they met, Greg and Jenny, who are also married. Phoebe and Joey are jealous of the situation, and when Monica and Chandler try to call to the couple in their supposed number, the only place they can reach is the grocery. Phoebe and Joey laugh at the situation and say that Greg and Jenny gave Monica and Chandler a fake number. This makes Monica and Chandler think about what they did wrong, and they end up fighting about each other's defects.

Monica asks Ross and Rachel to tell how they slept together, and Rachel says that Ross was the one who kissed her and made the first move. Ross stays angry with Rachel and says that Rachel did the first move, and he also mentions that he videotaped everything.

This makes Rachel stays angry with Ross, thinking that he videotaped everything om purpose.

The Friends give the idea of they all watch the tape to see who made the first move.
/////Season 8A Episode 4A I really love this episode. I really do. And the title of this review might sound confusing, but if you continue reading on, it will all make sense.

In this episode, Monica and Chandler thought they made great new friends on their honeymoon, but it turns out that they were given a fake phone number. How rude. Why couldn't they just be nice and say that they aren't interested in being friends with Monica and Chandler? Why must they string them along? Anyway, it turns out that Ross "accidentally" recorded his and Rachel's "special night". Rachel is insisting that Ross initiated it, but after reviewing the footage, it turns out that she did. But how disgusting is it that Ross kept the video tape of them having sex, without Rachel's permission. Just another reason why I hate Ross.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10.
/////Season 8A Episode 4A To the ladies reading this, did I ever tell you about the time I went back-bagging through Western Europe?
/////Season 8A Episode 4A Series 8 of 'Friends' is a good one overall, and this is another good episode, written by Scott Silveri, who often produced some classic 'Friends' moments.

The Ross and Rachel story line continues to be good fun, as we find out who came onto who on the night Rachel's baby was conceived.

The Monica/Chandler story line isn't that funny, but I like that once again Joey and Phoebe are paired up to good effect.

Another good episode of an above average series.
/////Season 8A Episode 4A The gang decides who came on to who by watching an unintentionally filmed sex video between Ross and Rachel. It is the sex that made their baby. Rachel uses Joey's western Europe story and that is how Ross got the signal she wants sex.
/////Season 8A Episode 5A The nice thing about this episode is that the mix of stories combine humour and heart.

The Chandler story line is very much all about comedy, while the Phoebe and Monica story line is too. Both are well performed and written, but fairly throw away.

I really enjoyed the Ross/Rachel/Joey story line though, and there were some lovely scenes throughout. I think it's great that Matt Le Blanc was given more dramatic scenes to play, and it's testament to him that he brought so much heart to the role.

A lovely episode.
/////Season 8A Episode 5A The best part of it is the story of Chandler and his colleague Bob who believes that his name is Toby. The whole idea is already funny because it is so Chandler. I really liked Matthew Perry's performance in it and especially I liked the ending where Chandler helps Bob to destroy his office

The story of Monica and Phoebe is pretty amusing as well. I especially like Phoebe. How she caught his "heart" and threw it back after him and how he wished him good luck at the end. Well written for her character and also well performed by Lisa Kudrow

The main story of Rachel's date wasn't that great. Although I did like some moments like the one where Rachel says that that soap star is not "people"
/////Season 8A Episode 5A Phoebe is going to visit Monica in the restaurant and meets Tim, Monica's new sous chef. She gets interested on him after some flirt, and they end up scheduling a date. A day later, Monica tells Phoebe that she will need to fire Tim, since he is terrible in the kitchen. Phoebe asks Monica to give him another chance, telling how much Tim loves his work. Monica decides to listen to Phoebe and try again. Some days later, Phoebe is the one who is annoyed, because she says Tim is too sappy for her. But Phoebe wants to break up with him in the same day that Monica wants to fire him, and they try to decide who will dump him first.

Rachel goes to Joey's work, on the set, and asks him to introduce her to Kash, Joey's actor's colleague. Joey tells Rachel that Kash is interested on her and she sets up a date with him.

Ross is angry when he discovers that Rachel is going on a date, and says that the reason he is mad is because Rachel is pregnant from his child.

Chandler is always called ''Toby'' by Bob, a colleague from his work. Chan gets into a big mess when he doesn't recommend Bob to his Boss, making Bob search for '' some Chandler Bing'' guy. The funny thing is that he tells Chandler how angry he is with the Mr. Bing, since he doesn't know that is Chandler himself.

Ps: Chandler's second name, Muriel, really sucks!
/////Season 8A Episode 5A I love this episode. It's funny and witty and it is very enjoyable.

In this episode, Phoebe begins dating Monica's sous-chef, Tim, but then eventually, Phoebe wants to break up with him, whilst at the same time, Monica wants to fire him. So they have to work out who gets to go first. If Phoebe does, then Monica's the bitch who fired a recently dumped man, and if Monica does, then Phoebe's the bitch who dumps a guy who just got fired. It's a lose-lose scenario. Meanwhile, Rachel goes out with one of Joey's Days Of Our Lives co-stars. Ross thinks that's weird because his baby is technically going on a date too. What does he want? He can date, but Rachel can't? How rude and pig-like. Sadly, Rachel's date didn't end well because she told him that she's pregnant.

Fun Fact: In this episode, it is revealed that Chandler's middle name is Muriel.

Overall, I give this episode an 8 out of 10.
/////Season 8A Episode 5A Rachel meets a handsome actor on Joey's set and Joey introduces him to her. The actor asks Rachel out on a date through Joey.
/////Season 8A Episode 6A Ursula,Phoebe's sister, invites Phoebe to her wedding, while Phoebe invites Ursula to go to Monica's Helloween party. In the party, Monica is beautiful as catwoman, while Rachel wants to give the candies to the children, saying that her maternal side is now strong.

Chandler hates the pink bunny suit that Monica gets for him, but wears anyway. Phoebe is wearing a Supergirl suit, while Joey is dressed as Chandler and Rachel is wearing a beautiful dress that soon she will be too fat to use it. Ross goes dressed as Sputnik, but he looks more like a doodie or a potato then a satellite.

Phoebe meets Eric, Ursula's future husband. She immediately likes him and gets attracted to him, thinking he is very charming, but gets surprised of how many lies Ursula told him.

Ross and Chandler start to fight because both of them believe that they can win each other.

This is one of my favorite episodes from Friends,specially because of Ross' and Chandler's costumes.
/////Season 8A Episode 6A A great episode. Let alone because of the costumes. chandler's bunny costume is just too funny. That was so mean of Monica, but I am glad she did it! And also Ross as a Spudnik was a great idea. Interesting that Mona got it, I agree with chandler that because of this she is the one Ross should have married

I liked how Rachel was telling the kid to shut up. She is great with kids! It is just bad that she apologized to this nasty little brat

Great was also the story of Ursula's fiancé. It was already a great choice of an actor to play him, Sean Penn was great. But I also liked how he went to kiss Phoebe because he mixed her up with Ursula and how he fell for all Ursula's lies
/////Season 8A Episode 6A Normally when a show puts its actors in fancy dress its a sign that the writers are running out of ideas, but in the case of 'Friends' its really not the case, because if anything series 8 of the show was a resurgence in public affection for it, and improvement in the quality of the show.

I didn't like Sean Penn's guest spot but apart from that everything in this episode is great fun.

Ross and Chandler's arm wrestle was a particular highlight in a great episode of the show.
/////Season 8A Episode 6A this is blatantly one of the best episodes of friends ever!! chandler in a bunny suit. Ross as doodie! lmao so funny. i also recently found out the little girl with the long name 'Lelani Mayolanofavich' is played by Emily osment who is Lilly in Hannah Montana. i watched it again and it is so obvious! blatantly the best episode in the series!

the arm wrestling made me laugh but it was mean of Ross to not admit to Monica chandler let him win. that was a shame! i also found it very funny that when Rachel made the little boy cry she had to go to some houses as his girlfriend! absolutely classic! i wish i did that with someone when i was younger! its also great when shes saying shut up to him, it seems really mean but she has a good point! why should we spend our hard earned money giving sweets to kids on Halloween?? fair enough if its for charity but it just makes them all crazy and hyper! and in 3 years they are going to repay you by egging and TPing your house! anyway I'm waffling on now! if you are a friends fan and haven't seen it yet then go! now! its great. the best in the whole of series 8! GO!
/////Season 8A Episode 6A Monica and Chandler decided to host a Halloween party and it is required everyone wears a costume. Monica has on a sexy black catwoman suit and cat ears with dark makeup. Phoebe is supergirl, Joey is Chandler and Chandler is the pink Velveteen Rabbit. Ross is dressed looking like a potato but he says he is dressed as Sputnik.

Phoebe's sister's fiancee comes and Phoebe has to hear all the lies she fed him.

Rachel is emotional with the kids and gets too angry or too soft. She gives a ballerina all the candy.

Gunther later comes with a new bag of candy and Rachel tells him one day he would make a man so happy.

The fiancee says Ursula is saving herself for him. Phoebe finally tells the fiancee her sister is lying and proves it. She shows the tag her sister wears when waitressing and her driver's license. Ursula told him she is 25 and Phoebe says she almost doesn't want to show him but remember she is a minute younger.
/////Season 8A Episode 6A I love this episode. It's so funny. Chandler dressing up as a bunny. Sean Penn guest starring. What more could you want?

In this episode, it's Halloween and Monica's throwing a party at her and Chandler's apartment. Chandler dresses up as a pink bunny, since Monica said there were no brown bunny costumes available. One of my favorite lines is, "It was either a pink bunny or no bunny" - Monica, "No bunny! It's always no bunny!" - Chandler. Ursula, Phoebe's identical twin sister comes to the party with her fiancé, but when Phoebe finds out that she's completely lied about her life, she has to tell the fiancé the truth.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Freaking Ridonkulous.
/////Season 8A Episode 7A The whole story about the maid is just great. It is awesome how they managed to make Monica's nasty personality be actually funny in this episode. Chandler's reactions to it were also very well written and acted. Plus it is hilarious how this poor maid ended up quitting after feeling harassed by that crazy couple that was putting the head between her legs and trying to look at her bra

Phoebe dating Eric was a well thought story as well. Eric was very funny and it ended in a very good way, just to think that he slept with Ursula by mistake! It is sad that Sean Penn was there for such a short time but they couldn't have made this story end better
/////Season 8A Episode 7A Chandler hires a maid to help him and Monica in the domestic chores, but Monica isn't very happy with the new,specially because she is thinking that the new maid stole her jeans.

Phoebe is invited to go out with Eric, Ursula's ex groom. She is excited to see him again, but she stays worried that he is her sister's ex. Eric is still mad at Ursula and he can't look at Phoebe without remembering her. Many things go wrong in their date and Eric ends up sleeping with Ursula thinking that she is Phoebe, making everything between them definitely end.

Rachel starts to see new apartments for when her baby arrives. Joey still doesn't know about her idea, but Rachel first tells Ross. When Joey knows that Rachel wants to move to another place, he stays sad.

Ross tries to become friends of a dutch neighbor, only to see her apartment for Rachel.
/////Season 8A Episode 7A I love this show but no one acts like this. All the maid scenes are just unrealistic and stupid!!
/////Season 8A Episode 7A Again, as with the last episode I really couldn't get into the story line involving Sean Penn. It's just not that funny.

I liked the maid story line involving Monica and Chandler, and it was great to see Monica being very funny. The character of Chandler seems to be less funny these days though, and seems more in fear of Monica than in love.

The highlight of the episode though was the Ross/Rachel/Joey story line, and it was so sweet that Joey was willing to alter his whole way of living really so that Rachel would stay.

Another good quality episode.
/////Season 8A Episode 7A The cast looks a bit older in this episode.

Phoebe is the first of the cast to have a cellphone and she answers it and it is Ursula's former fiancee. Rachel is thinking of getting a new place and she hilariously imitates Joey saying she doesn't want her baby's first words to be "How you doin'?".

Chandler has hired a maid and Monica is thrilled. However she notices the maid is wearing the same jeans that she has and wonders if she stole them.

Rachel comes back and Mon finds out it was Rachel who took her jeans and asks if she took her pink bra too. Rachel sees the strap and asks is she talking about the pink bra she is wearing?

Ross learns Dutch and speaks a bit with Gunther who speaks it as well as the Dutch people in his apartment that they are trying to get the apartment from.

Phoebe is shocked when she comes back for sex that he mistakenly had sex with Ursula thinking it was Phoebe.

Joey has set up a crib and decor for the baby to give an idea to Rachel of how it could work. He was so sweet to do so. He wants Rachel to stay. He said if he brings home a woman and she doesn't want to be near a baby then he probably should not be with her. Rachel said but it would be more challenging with a baby and Joey said he needs a challenge it is getting easy to have sex with women.
/////Season 8A Episode 7A I love this episode. It's so funny. I honestly love that Monica, of all people, gets a maid. She can't even enjoy it because she likes to do things herself.

In this episode, Chandler hires a maid so Monica doesn't have to do all of the cleaning herself. Even though Monica loves to clean. But she thinks the maid is stealing her stuff. When she tries to see if the maid is wearing her jeans, by checking the crotch area for a stain, the maid runs off and quits. Monica realizes that she's wearing the bra she thought was stolen, and Rachel borrowed the jeans. Meanwhile, Phoebe and Eric are together, but break up after Eric "accidentally" sleeps with Ursula. That's just too weird.

Overall, I give this episode an 8 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Awesome.
/////Season 8A Episode 8A Rachel has a dinner with her unpleasant father and Phoebe. He suggests that Phoebe is lesbian and make some jokes about it. Throughout this "date", Dr. Green shows all his arrogance mixed with humor, which deliver some laughs in a matter of seconds. Then, Rachel tells the truth she was hiding (that she isn't getting married) and he gets very mad, so she just throw the guilt at Ross. Rachel's father also makes a funny joke involving the two meanings of bastard-- congrats for the writers, this one was very well thought. Then the rest of the episode is basically all about pregnancy, marriage and singleness issues, with several funny and light jokes. See this one!
/////Season 8A Episode 8A This episode features a very funny performance from David Schwimmer as Ross, as he tries to juggle all the aspects of his life coming together. Quite why Mona was so keen to stay with him after all that though remains a mystery.

The highlight of the episode though was a rare chance to see Joey and Chandler being together in a story line. Matt Le Blanc and Matthew Perry are so funny together, and their chemistry here is great. The notable change now being that often Joey is funnier than Chandler.

Series 8 is a very consistent year for 'Friends' and this episode is another good example of that.
/////Season 8A Episode 8A Rachel invites Phoebe to dinner with her and her father. Rachel still didn't tell her father that she is pregnant, and she wants Phoebe's support for that. Rachel tries to tell her father about her pregnancy in many times, but since he is a very aggressive person, she ends up giving up. Phoebe helps her in tell her father about the idea of being a grandfather, but she eventually invents a wedding with Ross to not make her father upset or thinking that his grandson will be a bastard.

Phoebe sees the stripper from Monica's bachelorette party and ends up revealing to Chandler about her secret party. Chandler is revolted that Monica had a party and he didn't, and Joey didn't like very much the idea too, since he wanted to make a party for Chandler. Monica feels bad with that and gives Chandler a woman's number, that she thinks it is a stripper, to make Chandler better, but the woman is in fact,a prostitute.

Ross and Mona are getting along, but Ross still didn't say anything to her about Rachel's baby. When they are together in a romantic situation in Ross' house, Rachel's father arrives and discuss with Ross about him making Rachel pregnant without even marrying her. This makes Ross' and Mona's situation a crap, to say the least.
/////Season 8A Episode 8A The storyline with Rachel's father is hilarious. Monica and Chandler's storyline was not so good.
/////Season 8A Episode 8A Phoebe accidentally reveals Mon had a bachelorette party after recognizing the stripper in the cafe. She said out loud Mon took off his G-string with her teeth. Chandler said it is unfair and Joey agrees. Chandler said they agreed the tradition was silly and Joey disagrees saying it is a great tradition. Mon comes back and said to make it up to him she hired a stripper and he will have a bachelor party this evening.

Rachel asked Phoebe to come to dinner with her when she sees her dad. Her dad is an angry man she said.

At dinner Rachel does not tell the whole truth and it sounds like Ross was to blame for everything. Her dad wants them to be married as he said he doesn't want his first grandchild to be messed up.

Chandler and Joey wait for the stripper and she is at the door. The stripper goes into the bedroom and the guys go in to see what she means. She is naked already and they said okay they missed the stripping part. She is a hooker then. Chandler hilariously said yeah you can smoke when the hooker asked. We have to burn that room down anyways. Chandler called her a prostitute.

Poor Ross has to deal with Mr. Green coming while he is on a date with Mona.

Monica finds out from Stu at work that she is a hooker. Stu said she was his most expensive date. Mon runs home and says she is a stripper!!!! Mon asks Chandler did you let her smoke in here? Chandler replies her butt print is still on Mon's grandmother's quilt. It's whatever if she smokes.

Mon then turns on the stereo and said she will be his stripper. Chandler puts on his king's crown and watches as she takes off her jacket and shoes while dancing.
/////Season 8A Episode 8A In this episode we once again get to see what a worthless scum Monica is. She ruined Chandler's Bachelor night but had no problem with having one herself. Let's just think what she would have done if it was another way around. And her making him a post marriage Bachelor party was selfishness as well, she just did it to feel better about herself, Chandler wasn't comfortable about it. Glad they didn't show us more of her stripping, would make me want to puke

Luckily the episode got saved by the awesome story of Rachel's father finding out about her pregnancy and the fact that she isn't getting married. Ron Leibman made a great performance in this episode. It was especially great when he met with Ross while Mona was around. It is incredibly funny and very well performed both by him and David Schwimmer
/////Season 8A Episode 8A "Lord Ganesha's idol was kicked" that scene was added unnecessarily it was not even required there, which shows no sense and humour rather showed disrespect to Indians' and Hindu's god/goddess, to their faith and beliefs and to hurt their sentiments. 🙏🏼
/////Season 8A Episode 8A Lord Ganesha idol is kicked and broken by Ross's date Mona. Hurts Indian sentiments.
/////Season 8A Episode 8A This show isn't know for getting its own history straight. After Dr Green roasted Ross for getting his daughter pregnant Ross says to Rachel her father was a pleasant man (in a sarcastic tone) but Ross met Dr Green a few seasons earlier quite a number of times.
/////Season 8A Episode 8A Kudos to the writers...wow first few seasons are great..but after 4 seasons it's become a money flowing series and the friendship thing changes into taboo thing to increase the viewership.... sleeping with anyone at anytime, sending your girlfriend to a date even though she is pregnant ... arranging a stripper show for your husband wow just wow ....is this the American things ..... They destroyed the beautiful series into a trash ...
/////Season 8A Episode 9A I laughed so hard during this episode, it was another great Friends accomplishment, and goddamn Brad Pitt is HOT!!!

Summarization of the episode:

Its thanksgiving and Monica invited and old friend Will ((Brad Pitt)) from highschool to join them. Evidently he hated Rachel and formed an "I hate Rachel Green" club with Ross. Will and Ross started a rumor that Rachel had both male and female reproductive parts, and they soon find out that Rachel started a rumor that Ross made out with a 50 year old teacher named Ms. Altman.

Funny as hell, loved it.
/////Season 8A Episode 9A Definitely one of the top 5 Friends episodes. Brad Pitt is easily the best Guest star in Friends.
/////Season 8A Episode 9A Another Thanksgiving episode where we get to look into the past of the group.

So here comes the guy that hates Rachel because of the high school time. He is played by Brad Pitt which is ironic considering that he was married to Jennifer Aniston back then. I must say I didn't really like his performance. I do think that Brad Pitt is a good actor and he had some brilliant performances (Kalifornia, Fight Club etc.) but he doesn't seem to be right for sitcoms

But it was pretty funny, I really like the story how him and Ross created the rumor that Rachel has a tiny penis. Actually the fact that Ross was in the "I hate Rachel" club was already awesome by itself
/////Season 8A Episode 9A I've lost count of how many times I've watched this episode. My only beef ... if she knew Joey was the only one eating the turkey, why not make a smaller one?!
/////Season 8A Episode 9A Will is played by Brad Pitt. He used to be overweight in high school and Monica was his slimmest friend.

Will hates Rachel and Ross and him were in the I Hate Rachel Green club in high school. They made a rumour that Rachel was part female part male. Everyone heard of the Long Island cheerleader who had both reproductive parts and Chandler heard it at his high school too.

Monica tells Rachel she was one of the most popular girls and one girl put a Tootsie Roll down there. Everyone wanted to be her.

Phoebe hugs Will instead of giving him a high-five and says it's always how I imagined it would be.
/////Season 8A Episode 9A It's Thanksgiving and Monica called Will Culvert, a friend from Ross from their school. Will was very fat when he was young and even Monica was thin near him. Rachel doesn't remember Will, but when he arrives she stays immediately attracted to him. Will hates Rachel because she was terrible with him in the school, and Ross and Will had their own '' hate Rachel Green'' club.

Rachel misunderstands Will's hate look with attraction, but Will tells Rachel how much he and Ross hated her. Rachel stays shocked to know that they made a club to say bad things about her, and stays even more shocked to know that Ross was a member and the co-founder. Will, in the other hand, was shocked to know that Ross dated Rachel. Rachel also discovers that Will and Ross spread a gossip in school saying that she was a hermaphrodite.

Monica tells Joey that this year she is not going to prepare a Turkey for them, since only 3 people are going to eat it. Joey doesn't like that, since he thinks Turkey is essential in Thanks Giving, and he promises Monica that he is going to eat everything if she makes the dish. Monica accepts to make the Turkey, even not believing very much in Joey's words. (Her turkey weights 18 pounds!)
/////Season 8A Episode 9A This is the episode where Brad Pitt (Jennifer Aniston's then husband) guest starred, and he gives a good performance in a strong episode from the 8th series of 'Friends'.

It is very much an episode tailored to show Pitt off, and although Matt Le Blanc does well with his secondary story about Joey trying to eat a whole turkey, Monica/Rachel/Ross are all tied up in the main story.

This leaves Phoebe and Chandler rather underused, as their mini story is over and done with by the end of act 1.

It may be a bit of an in joke episode, but there is a lot of fun to be had here.
/////Season 8A Episode 10 Joey's sister, who wasn't present in the episode where Chandler kisses one of Joey's sisters and was never seen again, ignores the fact that she has six other sisters and goes to her only male sibling for help with her baby even though he doesn't have any kids or any money. Rachel compares herself to Joey's sister for some dumb reason. This story line is absolutely pointless.
/////Season 8A Episode 10 I don't like this episode very much because instead of being funny lots of characters annoyed me, even the ones I usually like

It is funny that Monica was the one who didn't annoy me the most in this episode. The story with the boots just wasn't funny for me, thats all.

Joey on the other hand was someone I really disliked in this episode. So old fashioned, sexist and hypocritical. I really don't like it when they show him like that, he is usually a very sweet character. I just liked Bobby who was played by Marc Rose in this episode. He was pretty funny and well done. I just don't get why Rachel didn't want to hug him, is it because she is too snobby? Nothing wrong with hugging

Phoebe was annoying as well. They tried to make a crazy Sting fan out of her. Really didn't like her this way. The only funny part here was "Ross-can!"
/////Season 8A Episode 10 Monica buys new boots, which were very, VERY expensive. Chandler tries to convince Monica to give the boots back, but she promises him that she is going to use them all the time, specially because they are so beautiful. Monica suffers using the boots, who are always hurting her feet.

Joey asks Rachel to talk to his young sister Dina, who loves Fashion and is interested in this type of career. Rachel accepts, but Dina reveals to her that the reason she wants to talk with her is to ask her help, since Dina is pregnant and doesn't know how to tell Joey about it. Rachel convinces Dina to tell Joey about her pregnancy, but not only he stays angry with the situation, but also wants to marry Dina to her stupid boyfriend.

Phoebe discovers that Ben, Ross' son, studies in the Smithfield School, the same school of Sting's son. She insists to Ross to ask Sting for tickets for their concert, but since Ross doesn't know him well and Ben and Sting's son doesn't get along, he cannot give Phoebe the tickets. Phoebe pretends to be one of Ben's moms to talk to Sting and see if she can get the tickets.
/////Season 8A Episode 10 Monica got these really beautiful boots and Chandler is shocked by the price of them. He demands they be returned but Mon and Rachel refuse.

Phoebe is shocked to learn that Ben and Sting's son go to the same school together. It was written in New York Magazine that the school is one of the top in NYC.

Joey asks Rachel if his little sister Deena can meet her. At first Rachel misunderstands and refused to send any more Ralph Lauren clothes to jail. Joey explains it is his other sister.

Deena meets Rachel in her office and tells Rachel she is pregnant just like her. She doesn't know how to tell Joey.

Joey is shocked to learn Deena is pregnant and very angry. He asks how can that be because to be pregnant you need to have sex. Deena says she tried to wait until she was 25 like him and Rachel's reaction is hilarious. He brings the father of the baby back. Joey demands they get married because Deena will ruin her life if she becomes a single mom.

Monica zips on the boots easily - wonder where she got them. She walks into the apartment and has to show Chandler she is always wearing them.

After his office holiday party they start walking home in the evening. Mon admits the boots hurt her and she has to be piggybacked by Chandler. She accidentally leaves the boots behind and also sees the boots in tan in the store window. They are half off and Chandler quickly runs.
/////Season 8A Episode 10 I have a love hate relationship with Phoebe. Sometimes she's just too ditzy to be believed and other times she had a good heart. She couldn't care less about Ben all she wants to do is meet Jacks father Sting.

I always skip this episode on rewatches.
/////Season 8A Episode 10 I didn't like the 'Sting' story line - I'll get that out of the way right now. I thought it wasn't that funny, despite being well performed by Lisa Kudrow and David Schwimmer, and I liked the fact that the show actually acknowledged that Ross had a son already. But there were some laboured jokes in that story line.

It was nice to see Courtney Cox being given a story line that allowed her to be funny, but equally Matthew Perry's Chandler seems to be living in fear of his wife rather than being funny.

The best story line is the one involving Joey, and that's been the case throughout Series 8. The mix of sweetness and dimness in the character is lovely, and based on episodes like this its no surprise why NBC thought about continuing with the character once 'Friends' ended.
/////Season 8A Episode 11 Rachel is in her 4 month of pregnancy and also horny because of her hormones. Phoebe tells Rachel that this is normal and that she was horny all the time when she was in this month of pregnancy.

Ross and Mona get developed the pictures they took together in the Rockfeller center, and Mona give Ross the idea to send to their friends a Christmas card together. Ross stays frightened with the idea, since he thinks Holiday Cards are for married people. Ross tries to tell Mona what he thinks about the subject, but to avoid to talk about their relationship, he decides to accept to send the cards with her.

Doug invites Monica and Chandler to go out and celebrate his divorce and their wedding. Monica doesn't like Doug and doesn't want to go out with him, so Chandler, to avoid a bad situation with his boss, tells that he and Monica are separated. Doug tells Chandler that he needs to move on, and brings him to a lot of strip clubs.
/////Season 8A Episode 11 The standard of the 8th series of 'Friends' is very high, but it is not without the odd dud episode, and this one sadly is one of them.

Ross is just very annoying here. David Schwimmer does his utmost to make it work, but the character is just being silly, and the audience start to question why Mona is so keen to be with him in the first place.

The Monica/Chandler story line is a case of same old/same old, with Chandler again almost living in fear of his wife.

Matt Le Blanc must have been filming something else at the same time as this episode, because he is barely in it. His scenes do set up the direction the series will take regarding his relationship with Rachel, and that actually is the most interesting thing in the episode.
/////Season 8A Episode 11 Chandler has to go to a bunch of strip clubs with his drunk boss. He asks Monica never to leave him. He experienced life without her and it was like It's A Wonderful Life with lap dances.

Rachel is in her fourth month and feels horny. Joey and Rachel wonder if they should have sex but decide not to.
/////Season 8A Episode 11 Another episode that could have been much better than it ended up being

The idea of Rachel being horny was pretty funny. Actually this one ended up being the best. It was not a bad idea how Phoebe wanted to hook her up with some middle aged virgin she didn't know. And it also makes the first steps to the Rachel/Joey story

The story with Ross and Mona was not that great. Not a bad idea but it wasn't good enough. Their conversation didn't make me laugh much either. The only good thing is David Schwimmer's acting

And the Chandler and Monica story is irritating. She is just being selfish as usual and he has to suffer for it. And at the end she even dares to say that he smells bad while he says that his life with her is so great. Give me a break! If you were with someone else you wouldn't have to be in that situation!
/////Season 8A Episode 12 This is a very good episode. The story about the game machine is already pretty good. It just seems weird when Chandler first says that a 7 year old would not understand the words he used for high scores and yet a few minutes later says that by that time he should have seen orgies. But this isn't such a big deal. And the scene where Ben comes in and Phoebe probably yells out every single swear word that exists makes me laugh until I get tears every time I watch it

The date of Joey and Rachel is pretty cute. I like how they are showing each other their moves, and Rachel's are so simple and yet successful

The story about Ross is pretty small but so well done. Of course it is mainly because of David Schwimmer's acting, but I also like the solution they came up with
/////Season 8A Episode 12 Phoebe orders a Ms Pac Man Machine, a big machine that Monica loves and is her favorite game of all time. (After the Vending Machine, of course, lol). Monica, Chandler and Phoebe stay competing to see who is the best in the game, but this brings a lot of little discussions among them, specially because Chandler wrote a lot of cursed words who are now registered in the machine, and Monica doesn't like that because Ben is going to play it.

Ross tells to Rachel and Joey that Professor Newman is retiring, so he will be teaching his advanced class. Everybody is excited for him, but the only problem is that Ross needs to go to Cross Town to give classes to his new class, and this gives him a lot of trouble since he is always arriving late. (The place is very distant!)

Joey asks Rachel for suggestions of good places for a date. Rachel tells him about a lot of places, but Joey notices how much she misses to go on dates. Joey gives her the idea of them going out on a date, and he plans a lot of nice things for them to do together and to make Rachel feel good. The date goes very well and they both liked a lot, but Joey starts to feel different feelings about Rachel.
/////Season 8A Episode 12 Phoebe has a giant gift for the Bings. It is a Ms. Pacman arcade game.

Joey offers Rachel a date because she has been having a hard time with the pregnancy. He descriptively starts to say it will take her mind off the baby's head stretching out the...

Joey buys Rachel both the filet mignon and three-pound lobster. They then show each other their moves.

Joey says he first gets alcohol ordered to him by a fan and says he just wants to live a normal life. He also leans in and says I was waiting to kiss you at the end of the night but you look so beautiful.

Rachel asks him where did he grow up. Joey says that's your move? You're lucky you are hot Rach. Joey says Queens and then Rachel asks if he is close to his parents. Mom, yes. Dad not so much, they talk but there is this distance they pretend is not there. Rachel looks at him with beautiful eyes. Joey is shocked by how simple the questions are but they work. Then she grabs her clutch and says she needs to use the bathroom. Then she says now you are watching me as I walk away. Joey smiles and is amazed.

Joey tells Rachel he didn't know he could enjoy the non-sex part so much of a date. That was the best date he has ever had. Joey admits his move after is wearing raspberry lip balm to make his lips look shiny and irresistible. They are like a moth to light. Rachel says she lightly touches her lips to the man's and gets closer then moans. Matt LeBlanc's acting is so perfect - the reaction is sosososo perfect. He slowly develops a crush on Rachel.

Rachel watches Cudo as recommended by Joey. Joey comes back from his date early and Rachel tells him to come closer to protect her. She cuddles into his chest and Joey says he is terrified. Such a beautiful scene. Jennifer Aniston's acting is so perfect and her reactions too - nothing was overly done.

Ross is shocked to learn his new class's building is far from the current class and he keeps coming in late.

Monica, Chandler and Phoebe try to beat Chandler's scores with the bad words for initials. Phoebe loses and a symphony plays with Ben and Ross at the door. Cole Sprouse is so cute.
/////Season 8A Episode 12 Now this is better. After a couple of so-so episodes, the 8th series of 'Friends' gets back into gear with a good episode.

The Joey and Rachel story line is beautifully played, and full of lots of laughs and some genuine emotion. Joey is certainly the most evolved character on the show, and Matt Le Blanc is probably the most improved actor.

The Ross story line wasn't given much screen time, but allows us to see what a gifted physical comedian David Schwimmer is.

The Monica/Chandler/Phoebe story line is OK, but as I've said in previous reviews, I liked it better when Chandler didn't seem so much under the thumb.

A much better episode overall though.
/////Season 8A Episode 13 Joey still likes Rachel, but is trying to convince himself that she is only his friend. He tries to talk about the subject with Chandler and Monica, but he doesn't feel comfortable enough, only saying random things. Monica and Chandler think that Joey is liking Phoebe, and Monica goes to talk to Phoebe about Joey, and this makes Phoebe goes to talk to Joey. Phoebe discovers that the person Joeys likes is in fact Rachel.

Monica tries to convince Chandler that baths are relaxing, spite of the fact that he is not a big fan. She prepares an amazing bath for him and Chandler likes it so much that he tries to do one for him alone in other time.

Rachel and Ross don't agree with the same names for their baby. They still don't know the baby's gender, but Ross thinks that Rachel knows and calls the doctor to let him know. Ross tells Rachel that the baby is a girl, but Rachel in fact wasn't aware of it.
/////Season 8A Episode 13 The part where Chandler takes the bath is very funny. Not only because he looks very cute surrounded by all the bubbles, but also the scene where everyone gets into their bathroom and ends up to see a part of Chandler they didn't really want to see

The whole story with Joey was funny as well. I like the whole dialogue about "rules" and London. And how Monica and Chandler were figuring out what he meant. Although it made me sad he didn't mean Phoebe. I always wanted those two to hook up

And we got some laughs from Ross and Rachel name choosing. And we also know now that they will have a girl!
/////Season 8A Episode 13 Chandler learns about taking baths from Monica and cannot believe how relaxing it is. Monica puts in oils and salts.

Joey has a crush on Rachel and talks to himself to try to get out of it. He eats Frosted Flake cereal.

Rachel and Ross go to the doctor's together and Rachel asks which baby is the ugliest. Ross says they are all beautiful they are babies. They agree on one that stares scarily.

Monica and Chandler think Joey likes Phoebe and Mon tells Phoebe he does. Phoebe goes to talk to Joey and finds out he likes Rachel.

Later the gang all end up in the washroom while Chandler is bathing. Joey tells him to rearrange his bubbles. Rachel announces that it is a girl. They do a group hug and Chandler says I'll catch you later.
/////Season 8A Episode 13 The ongoing 'Joey loves Rachel' story is once again the highlight of an episode, with Matt Le Blanc on top form as Joey. His internal turmoil is so beautifully played.

I don't like what the writers have done to the character of Chandler in recent episodes. The whole story line dedicated to him being obsessed with baths wasn't that funny, and beneath the show.

I liked the Ross and Rachel scenes though, and Jennifer Aniston and David Schwimmer play the story out so perfectly, that we do wish them well as an audience.

Another good episode ironically apart from the title story.
/////Season 8A Episode 14 Phoebe discovers by accident that Monica is receiving massages from other masseur, Alexandra, and stays sad with Monica. Monica never allowed Phoebe to make her massages, but she tells Phoebe that she thinks it is weird to receive massages from a friend. Even so, Monica gives Phoebe a chance to do a massage on her.

Joey still is in love with Rachel and he is present when the baby kicks for the first time. Ross is upset that every time the baby does something new or something happens related to the baby, he is never present and Joey is the one who is always helping Rachel. Joey stays touched to see Ross so sad, and he gives Rachel the idea of living with Ross.

Chandler is curious to know what is inside a closet that he never saw open in the apartment. He asks Monica informations, but she almost doesn't say anything about it. Chandler gets paranoid about what is inside the closet (even thinking that Richard is in there) and tries to open the door in all ways he can.
/////Season 8A Episode 14 The story about the closet is pretty good. It doesn't only make us wonder what is there but we also get to hear Joey's guesses (Richard or flesh eating bugs) that make one laugh. And the ending is pretty good. Not only do we see a slightly messy side of Monica but she also tells Chandler that he can't use it because he would mess it up!

We also get to see the complications of Ross not being able to be there for Rachel like he would like to, this leads to making the story more interesting because she will move in with him

And we get a few laughs from Monica being massaged. Although I don't know why Phoebe is feeling embarrassed at the end, Monica started it, what does she expect, lol
/////Season 8A Episode 14 The 'Joey loves Rachel' story again is the main focus in this episode, and I enjoyed the fact that there were some scenes between Joey and Chandler, as Joey turns to his best pal for guidance.

The heartbreak that Joey feels as he accepts that it would be better for Rachel to live with Ross was very touching, and beautifully played by Matt Le Blanc.

The Monica/Phoebe story line was fun too, and it's nice to see Lisa Kudrow being given something a little more substantial to do.

It's another Joey heavy episode, and all the better for it.
/////Season 8A Episode 14 Joey has a dream that he is there when Rachel is in labour and the baby's face is Ross. He wakes up and Rachel is there asking him to feel the baby kicking.

Phoebe massages Monica after finding out Mon has been getting massaged by someone else for three years. Mon says she is uncomfortable because she is naked and Phoebe replies they lived together and she has seen Mon naked. Mon says that was different because they were roommates and when??? Mon makes sex noises and Phoebe tries to not hear when massaging.

Joey takes Rachel to the hospital after she is not feeling well and pages Ross to come to the hospital. Joey says he has been there for his sisters' pregnancies so he has experience. Rachel says she needs to go back in the room and after Ross insists on her telling the reason she says she forgot her underwear.

Ross comes to the apartment with a sandwich for Rachel. Rachel asks what is in it and Ross says tuna and pickles. She runs to the bathroom and Joey says that pickles make her sick.

Chandler tries to open the secret closet door and he does eventually pry the whole door out. It is filled with stuff that looks unorganized. Chandler asks if he can share it and Mon says she is afraid he will mess it up.
/////Season 8A Episode 15 Rachel is living with Ross, but Joey still likes her. Ross still didn't tell Mona that Rachel is living with him, but when he tries to talk to her about the new, she shows how much she would disapprove if Rachel and him were always together, what makes him not to tell her anything. (The way she will find out is the worst of all!)

Phoebe brings a dog from her friend Wendy to let Joey better. Phoebe says that the dog is the happiest dog in the world, but Joey is so depressed that he lets the dog down.

Phoebe brings a tape for Rachel and she lets it in Monica's apartment. The tape has the name ''Candy and Cookie'', and shows one of her friends in labor. Chandler takes the tape thinking that is a porn that Monica gave him for Valentine's, but he stays totally shocked when he sees it. (He also shows to Monica, who stays shocked like him!)
/////Season 8A Episode 15 The greatest part of this episode is the end of Mona and Ross's relationship. Not because I disliked her, although I must say she was a pretty dull character, but because it went in such a funny way. When she said how funny it would be if she would come back and find out that her boyfriend lives with his pregnant ex wife! How true. Or when Ross said he actually judges her for not breaking up sooner

I really liked the dog Phoebe brought for Joey. He was very cute and well trained

And we also got a great cliffhanger when Joey tells Ross that it is Rachel he has feelings for right before Ross exits. Makes one wait for the next episode
/////Season 8A Episode 15 Poor Mona. A nice girl caught up in the circus of Ross and Rachel. She was a bit underwritten at times though, to the point where a joke is even made about why she stayed with Ross so long.

Matt Le Blanc again gives a lovely performance as a very heart torn Joey, and this leads to a dramatic cliff-hanger at the end of the episode. The writers have really done a lovely job of developing the character in this series.

The Chandler/Monica story line was one of the better ones featuring the characters this series, but the heart of the episode is really the ongoing Joey/Rachel plot.
/////Season 8A Episode 15 Mon asks Phoebe to come to the washroom with her to get her opinion. Ross says he is her brother why not ask him? Monica finally reveals what she was holding behind her back - black and red lingerie. Which piece do you think would make your best friend want to have sex more with your little sister? Ross answers meekly the red one.

Chandler watches the birthing video accidentally because he thought it was porn. Mon comes out in the red lingerie with sheer tights and a black cover up. Mon did get him porn - a girl goes to the big city and does it with a bunch of guys. They watch the birthing video and Chandler is disturbed by all the dilating.

Mona comes over to Ross's unexpectedly and sees Rachel. Rachel orders Chinese and says she will be in bed.

Rachel goes over to Mon's and joins Mon and Chandler. Mon is still in her lingerie and they all watch the birthing video together.

Ross and Joey are in the cafe and Ross is shocked to see Joey without a date on Valentine's Day. Joey admits as Ross is walking away that it is Rachel. The episode ends.
/////Season 8A Episode 15 I mean they've witnessed birth before. Have they forgotten they were there during Phoebes birth and Carols ? Wtf? So why was the video a surprise ?
/////Season 8A Episode 16 An episode where the title sums it up perfectly, but there are also some nice scenes between Matt Le Blanc and David Schwimmer before Joey does eventually tell Rachel.

This episode is centred all around that ongoing story line, and the other plot involving Phoebe/Chandler and Monica isn't that exciting or indeed funny. Chandler and Phoebe have been rather underused thus far in series 8 in my opinion.

Another episode where Matt Le Blanc steals the show.
/////Season 8A Episode 16 Joey finally tells Ross that he is in love with Rachel. Ross stays shocked and angry with the revelation, and he cannot talk to Joey for sometime.

Phoebe believes in soul mates and says that she was on a date with Monica's soul mate: an older guy named Don, who works with food and is British. Phoebe introduces Don to Monica and Chandler, and to Chandler's desperation, Monica and Don get along really well. Chandler stays angry with Phoebe for that.

Monica convinces Ross to give a second chance to Joey, because he is really upset with the situation and all he cares about is Ross' friendship; Ross decides to talk with Joey, and even finding the whole thing weird, he gives Joey the support to talk to Rachel about his feelings.

Joey calls Rachel to dinner with him, and tells her what he feels about her.

Ross and Mona are not together anymore: The way Mona discovered that Rachel was living with Ross, seeing her in his apartment, ended their story together.
/////Season 8A Episode 16 This episode I give 8.6 out of 10, thus rounding it up to a 9. The episode "The One Where Joey Tells Rachel". The episode here, a touch more than halfway through the eighth series of Friends, is a decent one with some laughs, and two particular great standout characters here are by far, Joey and Ross, and their scenes together in this one were excellent. There are bucket spades of emotions, from complete sad / unknown to the character, to quite touching and nice. These scenes particularly are the ones from around 8:00 to 11:20. The episodes itself, the whole soulmate idea and house of cheese thing, what I have to say about that is the whole soulmate part was quite annoying and just, redundant. Chandler made is absolutely hilarious though, especially this part: the Soulmate guy Don/Ron whatever his name was, " ...but a house made of cheese... wouldn't that be great?", Monica: "I'd move in tomorrow.." and then Chandler, "Oooh come on!!" Now that is legit one of the funniest scenes for me for the entire eighth series. Other than, it's a pretty decent to good episode. Bit slow at times, some scenes were just alright, majority was pretty great.
/////Season 8A Episode 16 The one thing I liked about this episode is the beautiful friendship of Ross and Joey. Both of them have been behaving in a very sweet way to make sure that the other one knows that they will not do anything to hurt the other one. I also liked when Monica talks to Ross and makes him realize that Joey thinks that he hates him

I also liked Ross's reaction in the beginning. Another "bravo" to David Schwimmer.

That said, I don't like Joey in a serious story line. His character isn't developed past being funny to fit into it. That, and also the fact that there is no chemistry between him and Rachel. Joey and Rachel? What a horrible idea
/////Season 8A Episode 16 This episode has two story lines: one light and one heavy.

The "lighter" storyline involves Phoebe believing, to Chandler's dismay, that she has found Monica's soul-mate. This is a fun idea, with some solid laughs, but not an abundance.

The "heavier" storyline involves Joey first telling Ross that he's in love with Rachel. This then leads into a heavy scene with Ross and Joey discussing this, with a weak running joke about this weird green drink they are having. Then Joey tells Rachel how he feels, more heaviness, few laughs.

One of the least funny episodes.
/////Season 8A Episode 16 Ross accepts Joey liking Rachel and Joey goes off to figure out how to confess.

Phoebe introduces a cuisine knowledgable British man with dark hair and is tall. Chandler is jealous.

Joey asks Rachel out for dinner at her door as she is leaving to a meeting. Joey looks so beautiful as he confesses that he is falling in love with her. Rachel does not reciprocate and they hug it out.
/////Season 8A Episode 16 I have a feeling of love and hate with the relationship of Joey and Rachel that emerged in season 8 and 9, while I love the episodes where Joey falls in love with Rachel, because Joey shows a new facet, and is a silly and cuddly lover, meanwhile I hate when Rachel fell in love with Joey, because they made Rachel dumber to get along with Joey, this episode is a sad but satisfying ending for this little arc that shouldn't have continued
/////Season 8A Episode 16 That girl had a few screws loose I think. She actually thinks she met Monica's soulmate and she brings him to meet her ! Why would you do this ?
/////Season 8A Episode 17 Now this is a great episode. I really like Rachel and Joey story. It is really funny what kind of a problem she comes up with. And it is a great way to deal with their story instead of just pretending like it didn't happen. Her talk with Mr. Zelner was hilarious as well, really good lines

Ross's story isn't any less funny. Having him hiding behind the couch checking out a catalogue while Mona and her date were making out was hilarious. And it got even better when they saw him

And with Phoebe we get a great prediction for the next episode. She meets a character played by Alec Baldwin so we know that something good is coming
/////Season 8A Episode 17 Joey is hiding from Rachel, because he is feeling rejected, since she only sees him as a friend.

Since from when he told her about this feelings, the whole situation is weird. Rachel misses Joey, and asks Monica and Chandler to tell him that. (But Joey is hearing everything in another room)

Later, Rachel complains again about the fact that she and Joey don't have anything to talk, and Monica makes Rachel invent anything to have a subject to chat with Joey. Rachel ends up inventing that her boss wants to buy her baby, and this makes Joey go to Rachel's work to teach him a lesson.

Ross is upset that his favorite pink shirt (that he calls ''salmon'') is in Mona's house. They didn't end their relationship very well, so he doesn't feel comfortable to go to her house to take his things.

Phoebe talks to a guy that she sees everywhere she goes, and they set up a date. Unfortunately to Phoebe, the guy not only is weird, but also stays talking dirty to her all the time.

Ross goes to Mona's house (without her know) to take his shirt . But the situation gets pretty much uncomfortable when Mona enters in the house with another guy.
/////Season 8A Episode 17 Rachel wants things to be normal again between Joey and her.

Phoebe goes out with a guy she thinks is fate told to her from her tea leaves. He comes off as too strong and tells Phoebe her breasts are good. Phoebe gets up and leaves.

Ross wants his pink shirt back but it is at Mona's. He finds her house key and goes inside but Mona comes in with her date so he has to hide. Mona makes out heavily with her date on the couch.
/////Season 8A Episode 17 Series 8 of 'Friends' has been full of good episodes, and this is no exception.

The Joey/Rachel story line involving her making up a fake work problem to try to make things less awkward between them after Joey's revelation in the last episode is a fun one, and Matt Le Blanc again shines.

The Ross and Mona story was also fun, with David Schwimmer clearly being in his element doing lots of physical comedy.

The Chandler/Monica story line worked less well for me, and this has been the case with a few of their stories this series in my opinion.

A good episode overall though.
/////Season 8A Episode 18 Another great episode. Parker, the character played by Alec Baldwin is outrageously hilarious. Thanks to him there were so many great lines! "Concrete miracle" or what Phoebe said about Santa Clause on Prozac, in Disney land, getting laid. I think that is one of my favorite quotes from the show. And Alec Baldwin was absolutely great in it

The story about Ross and Rachel talking about their wedding was pretty good too. I also like how Judy said that they find it marvellous that they are having a child out of wedlock. And Rachel's idea for the wedding was crazy, it is funny how she told Ross that they can't say that he drove in on the Harley because they need to keep it realistic and that after all that she said.
/////Season 8A Episode 18 It's Judith's and Jack's wedding Anniversary Party and Phoebe wants to bring Parker, a guy that she is dating, to the party. Parker is the most optimist person in the world, always happy with everything that happens, but he annoys the Friends a lot with all this optimism. Monica wants to make the toast and the speech this year, because Ross is always the responsible to make everybody stays touched and crying. Trying to bring more tears then Ross to their parents, Monica writes in her speech everything she can remember that is a tragedy that happened in their family, like Chichi, their dead dog, or Nana, Monica's and Ross' grandmother who also pasted away.

At the party, Ross' parents tell to him and Rachel that they told to some of their friends that Ross and Rachel married, since their friends don't have the same open mind of them.

At first, Ross and Rachel didn't like the idea, but as the party goes, Ross and specially Rachel,start to invent a lot of details of their imaginary wedding. (some of them VERY hard to believe!)

Monica doesn't have success in making anyone cry, what makes her stay frustrated.
/////Season 8A Episode 18 Phoebe asks the Geller siblings if she can bring someone to their parents' wedding anniversary. She wants to bring the guy she met at the laundromat.

They meet the guy at the apartment and he compliments everything. At the party he keeps doing so and Joey says he wants to use the washroom but he doesn't want the guy to compliment "his thing".

Monica does the speech this year instead of Ross and she hopes she can get her parents to cry like how when Ross does it. Ross does a speech after as asked by their mom and she cries.

Rachel and Ross pretend to be married as the Gellers have told their friends they are so because they are more traditional and they had their baby out of wedlock.
/////Season 8A Episode 18 This, much like the Brad Pitt episode earlier in the series is all about a guest star coming in and being the central focus. On this occasion it's Alec Baldwin as Parker, Phoebe's new boyfriend who is so enthusiastic about everything it annoys the other friends.

I liked the Rachel/Ross story line too, with the story of their fake wedding getting more elaborate.

The Monica story line was OK too, made better by some strong lines by recurring guest stars, Elliot Gould and Christina Pickles.

Not the best episode of this 8th series, but still good fun.
/////Season 8A Episode 19 After a couple of less than satisfying clip shows, season 8's delivered. It was funny till the end, the clips were hilarious, and it wasn't made out of flashbacks completely, probably the least of all the clip shows, which is great. And it focuses on Joey, my second favourite character, so it's nearly impossible this episode could fail to impress me.
/////Season 8A Episode 19 Yep, it's another flashback episodes, that 'Friends' seemed to have once a series from series 4 onwards.

As with lots of series 8 the focus of this one is Joey, and he has the bulk of the lines in the linking scenes of new material in between flashbacks, while the other cast members get to chill out on the couch.

Yes, these episodes offer a chance to see funny moments from old episodes, and are a saving in the budget, but they don't make for very entertaining viewing.
/////Season 8A Episode 19 I don't like flashback episodes in Friends. First I rated 5, but other things in this episode raise my avaliation for It. I think It's the First episode in Friends to face gay issue in a better way with less prejudice and more aceptation. Except of course the flashback scenes, but They're well picked. Second, actress Sasha who worked in Dawson's Creek and after have a gay fanbase transform this episode in a progressive especial one of the series in that year of 2002.
/////Season 8A Episode 19 Joey tells the Friends that he refused to give a new interview because he was afraid of saying wrong things again, like the interview he did before. The Friends (specially Rachel) give Joey the support to make the interview, but Joey asks them to be near him to help him not say anything wrong or stupid again. The interview is in the Central Perk ( Joey didn't know that the magazine would pay the expenses) and almost everything goes well, with the exception of the end of it, when Joey says that he doesn't waste his time watching soap operas.

Ps: Rachel stays ridiculous saying ''gal pal Rachel Green'' all the time!
/////Season 8A Episode 19 Although this episode is made mostly of the previous clips, it's one of the best. :) We all love Joey not only because he's funny but also because he has a big, kind heart. A collection of all the best Joey scenes is all we fans demand and deserve. And Joey seemed to have too many fun moments, it's good to see him calmly answer the interviewer's questions. That way we can see him perform good and all the answers are thoughtful for his friends.
/////Season 8A Episode 19 Joey is persuaded to do an interview for Soap Opera Digest. The last time he did an interview and said that he wrote the lines the writers killed his character off.

He does the interview while the gang listens on the couch. He orders all the muffins after hearing the magazine pays for the food.

At the end it seems to have gone okay but then the reporter comes back and asks him what is his favourite soap opera other than Days of Our Lives? He replies he doesn't watch any, he has a life.

Later in the apartment the gang looks at the magazine and are surprised the last question was not put in. Joey contacted the reporter who he called nice. He slept a little with the reporter.
/////Season 8A Episode 20 Monica and Phoebe are organizing a baby shower to Rachel. He sisters are not coming, but they both forget to invite Rachel's mother. Monica stays in charge to call Rachel's mom, and when she calls her, Ms Green angrily says how she was surprised with their lack of consideration. Monica stays the entire episode trying to please Rachel's mom, but she doesn't have much success with it.

Joey tells Ross and Chandler that he has an audition to be the host of a game show called Bamboozled. Chandler and Joey pretend to be guests to help Joey in his audition. The game is very hard to understand in the beginning, but as long as the time passes, they know how to play it better and even like it!

Rachel's mom gives the idea of staying in Rachel's house for a month to help her with the baby. Ross says that he knows how to take care of a baby and that they don't need her help. Rachel is also not excited to have her mother for such a long time near her.
/////Season 8A Episode 20 Hooray - finally an episode where Monica gets put in her place! It does get rather annoying the way she had Chandler so under the thumb, so I was pleased that Sandra Green (guest star Marlo Thomas) was able to be the dominant one on this occasion.

Much like when Alec Baldwin and Brad Pitt guest starred, Marlo Thomas becomes the star attraction here, with all the best cutting remarks. A baby shower episode is a classic sitcom premise, but I liked that 'Friends' put a unique spin on it.

The best thing about this episode is the guys helping Joey prepare for his audition as a game show host. A notably thinner Matthew Perry in particular seemed to be having fun with the story line.

The guys story was the highlight.
/////Season 8A Episode 20 Rachel is not surprised her two sisters don't want to come to an all-female party with no guys and no booze. Monica and Phoebe forgot to invite Mrs. Green so they call her to invite her on the day of. Mrs. Green arrives in yellow and shades the hosts.

Rachel is so lost when she receives the gifts. She picked up a gift and wondered if it is a beer bong for a baby. Mrs. Green replies that it is a breast pump. There is a diaper dispose and a bassinet.
/////Season 8A Episode 20 The fun part of this show is to see Monica being teated badly. I always keep laughing from what a horrible person she is to the ones who love her and care for her but how she can't handle someone else not liking her. Phoebe on the other hand is nice to her friends but doesn't care of someone unfairly mistreats her. Was really fun to see Monica kissing ass

The whole bamboozled game was a great idea as well. Especially to see how they really got into it at the end It is such a silly game and yet they had a lot of fun. I also liked how Ross used it to test Rachel on her knowledge about being a mom. Made me laugh so hard at the last scene where he says that she will be a bad mother
/////Season 8A Episode 20 Ross cracks me up so funny with Chandler and Joey doing bamboozle game🇮🇪😀
/////Season 8A Episode 21 Ross talks to the Friends that Monica's restaurant got a horrible review in the Post, and he buys all the newspapers from the block to make nobody knows about it. Monica sees the newspapers and stays upset with the review. She wants the writer of the review to taste her food again to change his opinion about it. She finds him in a cooking course and gives him her food for him to try one more time, but he continues to have the same opinion about her food.

Monica and Joey decide to watch and participate the cooking course, but Monica doesn't like when Joey gets better compliments then her in the cookies.

Rachel is worried that her baby is coming in one week and they still don't have a lot of important baby accessories. She wakes up in the middle of the night worried, and Ross promises her that the next day they are going to buy everything they need. In the next day, they go to a store to buy the things they need, but the seller starts to hit on Ross, making Rachel very uncomfortable. When Rachel talks to Phoebe about the seller's attitude, Phoebe tells Rachel that she thinks she is jealous.

Chandler is looking for a new job and has new interviews to go. He is anxious and Phoebe lets him even more anxious when she says that the first impression people has from him is terrible. Even so, Phoebe decides to help him to have success in the interview.
/////Season 8A Episode 21 There are some nice combinations of characters in this episode, and ones that you don't often see.

We have Monica paired with Joey in a story that allows Courtney Cox to be funny, while also walking the right side of the 'Monica is annoying' line.

It was also nice to see Phoebe teamed with Chandler, and there's some funny moments in their story too.

I thought Rachel was annoying here, and I didn't approve of her actions in relation to Ross potentially dating.

An OK episode overall though.
/////Season 8A Episode 21 Rachel keeps Ross but he needs to pee. He looks cute in tee.

They go baby shopping and they have lots of dinosaur stuff. The cashier is a blue-eyed brunette. She is gorgeous and is interested after learning Ross is a palaeontologist. Rachel belittles his position saying it sounds like he is a doctor but he isn't. She points out the gym near their address and she goes to that gym. She flirts saying he looks like he works out.

Later Katey shows up at their apartment with a rolled up cloth that was left behind. It is not part of her job description to make deliveries she says - she came here to ask Ross out.

Chandler is preparing for an interview to be an executive and it pays much more. Phoebe tells him he doesn't make a good first impression and recalls what he was like with her - too many jokes and awkwardness. Chandler asks Phoebe for help and she tries to do so.

Monica is annoyed a food critic gave her a bad review and she goes to see him with Joey to give him a taste again of her dish he rated badly. He calls her dish abysmal which is a word that Joey thinks means it is good. Monica shows off her cooking knowledge and skills in the intro to cooking class.

Later they pass by an intro to acting and Mon asks Joey if he wants a turn to feel good about himself. Joey doesn't know the answer to the first question and walks out saying he knew it was a stupid idea.
/////Season 8A Episode 21 Monica is being such an annoying loser in this episode. One gets to laugh at her a lot. And something tells me that she is not such a good cook, because someone who is not her friend who will always tell her that she is good gives her a bad critique and also that in the beginner class Joey made a better cookie than her. She is also a bad friend because she doesn't want to accept that Joey could make a better cookie. And the teacher of the beginner class also sees that she is a bad person

Rachel is pretty annoying at this episode as well. But as Ross says it is understandable because she is pregnant. Plusshe notices herself that she is unreasonable. Ross is a very sweet friend though.

The story of Chandler's interview is pretty funny. Although I do feel bad for him
/////Season 8A Episode 22 This is a very good episode. Rachel being all annoying because of her pregnancy was done so well. Kudos to Jennifer Aniston, she did a great job. She really does come off as annoying and yet one doesn't dislike her. The scene in the beginning when she just comes into the coffee place and the looks she gives everyone were great

I also love how she was trying to convince Ross to sleep with her so that the baby comes out. That scene is absolutely hilarious. Especially when she drops the fork or when she is insulting Ross while trying to make him got to bed with her

And we also got some Joey and Chandler story which I always like
/////Season 8A Episode 22 Joey shows the poster from the movie of the first World War that he acted and it's premiere is in the next week. Joey invites all the Friends to go to the Premiere, but Rachel can't go since her labor will be some days before the premiere. Stelle calls Joey and tells him that he will only have one ticket to bring who he wants, so he decides to pick Chandler to go, because of all the Friends, Chandler was the one who always supported him in his career, not only paying many of his courses and photo sessions, but also motivating him.

Rachel is moody that many days already passed and the baby still didn't come . She starts to annoy everybody, and all the Friends are avoiding to make her angry. Monica and Phoebe start a bet for when the baby will born, and Rachel's doctor recommend her to make sex to help her with the contractions. Rachel gives Ross the idea of them making sex to help her relax, but he is against to it, since he thinks it will bring a lot of trouble to their relationship.
/////Season 8A Episode 22 There is a very funny scene between Rachel and Ross in this episode, and as other reviewers have said, this is the highlight of the episode.

I thought the Monica and Phoebe story line was dull, and skipped past most of it on the DVD. It just wasn't that funny.

I liked however that we had a nice Joey and Chandler story line, and although it was quite short, it had some sweet moments.

It is however that mostly focuses on Rachel and Ross, again featuring two good performances from Jennifer Aniston and David Schwimmer, who have been so great with this story line all series.
/////Season 8A Episode 22 The World War I movie that Joey is in is having the premiere the next week. Estelle sold the four other tickets so Joey chooses Chandler because he covered a lot of fees for Joey.

They go by limo to the red carpet where there are tons of photographers and people.

Ross takes Rachel to the gynaecologist's and she uses a gloved hand to check the vagina and has the other hand on her tummy. The baby is all good despite being late. The doctor has some methods for inducing labour - long walk, spicy food, and sex.

Ross doesn't want sex and Rachel does. Phoebe thinks if they do it will end up becoming more catastrophic and Monica says she will lend Chandler to do the deed.

Ross and Rachel eat spicy food. Rachel intentionally drops a spoon to bend over to arouse Ross. Ross kisses and they start going at it until the water breaks. Ross gets the keys and bag and off they go.
/////Season 8A Episode 23 Having covered Rachel's pregnancy throughout the eighth series it is only right that it should end with her actually giving birth.

This two parter sees the show on good form, helped in part to a very strong performance from Jennifer Aniston as Rachel.

I liked the other story line that involved Joey and Phoebe, and I think it was nice to see Lisa Kudrow being given more to do, having been a little underused in this series.

We even get a great cliff-hanger at the end of the episode too, with the sight of Janice.

A good start to the two parter.
/////Season 8A Episode 23 Ross is surprised and irritated that everybody arrived in the hospital before him. Rachel is mad that the hospital doesn't have any private room for her, so she will need to share a room with other woman. Since the baby is already coming, she cannot change the hospital anymore. Rachel takes hours in labor until her baby finally comes, and many other couples have their children before her, making her to stay angry and exhausted. Even Janice, who comes to her room way later , has her baby first.

Monica gives Chandler the idea of them have a baby, but first she was just joking with him, later, they decide to really try to have a kid, since he agreed.

Judith,Ross' mom, gives Ross his grandmother's wedding ring. She wants Ross to propose to Rachel, since she thinks the baby needs a family. Ross is against the idea and saves the ring in his jacket.

Phoebe is interested in one of the hospital's patients, and she asks Joey to help her to see if he is worthwhile or not. Joey dresses himself as Dr Drake Ramoray to help her, doing a lot of questions to see if the guy is married, if he likes certain things,etc.
/////Season 8A Episode 23 Ross and Rachel get to the hospital and the other girls and guys are already there. They also took cabs. Ross wonders how?!

Rachel has to wait to be dilated 10 cm before pushing. Ross corrects her hand measurement and she says stupid metric system. Woman after woman go to the delivery room but 17 h passes and Rachel is stuck at 3 cm.

The gang asks Ross why doesn't he go with Rachel. Ross leaves and Joey says Rachel is a perfect girl. If she accepted his feelings he would have done...he stops before getting too descriptive.

Mon and Chandler decide to try to have a baby after Mon finds him looking at the newborns. Mon does some counting and Chandler asks period math? Mon confirms they can start. They go to a hospital room and start going at it. Mon asks if they have a condom but then realizes what their intention is. They get caught by a nurse.

Phoebe meets a guy in a wheelchair but the elevator doors close before she can hear his room number. Joey acts as a doctor and gets info from the patient.
/////Season 8A Episode 23 I know where the laugh is supposed to be...it just ain't funny. I don't know why the audience is laughing that hard...I mean, other than they "have to".

I was much younger and and not terribly aware of what happens to sitcoms in later seasons. I think this was the first show that I had started watching that I got to see it from interesting new show...to really really good in first few years...to wait, why isn't it as funny as it once was? I tended to see this pattern repeat with so many shows...Frasier, Wings, It's Always Sunny, Big Bang Theory, Modern Family, The Office, etc etc.

Typical junk food filler show. Not the best meal you'll ever have...but hey...we have to eat SOMETHING.
/////Season 8A Episode 24 Rachel still doesn't know the name for her baby daughter, until Monica says that her dream is to call her daughter Emma. Monica allows Rachel to use the name, and the baby girl will now be called Emma.

Janice, with her baby son in her arms, talks to Rachel and tells her how hard it is to raise a kid alone. She says that Rachel and her daughter are alone in the world, because Rachel will be a single mother.

Rachel thinks about what Janice told her, and spite of the fact she thinks Ross is a good dad, she feels discouraged to approaches Ross again, since Ross avoids to be closer.

Phoebe continues to say to Ross that he and Rachel should be together. Ross says that he and Rachel are getting along and he is afraid of destroy the good relationship they have now.

When Joey is in Rachel's bedroom, he takes Ross ' ring by mistake and this leads to Rachel thinking that he is proposing to her.
/////Season 8A Episode 24 This and the last episode roll into each other, so this is a continuation of the 'Rachel gives birth story line'.

It's again beautifully played by Jennifer Aniston, who has been great throughout this whole story line.

In typical 'Friends' fashion it's a suitably happy/sad series finale, with a nice twist at the end.

Monica and Chandler appear very briefly here and there, but my only gripe would be that the Phoebe story ends rather abruptly.

It's been a strong series of 'Friends' overall, perhaps one of the best.
/////Season 8A Episode 24 Bringing Janice in always makes an episode better. Bering in Janice in labour makes it much better! She was really great in this episode. Also liked how Chandler got to meet her or how they heard her laugh while trying to make a baby next door

Besides this and the ending I found the episode pretty dull. Like Phoebe keeps on telling Ross that him and Rachel belong together. Way too often and way too boring. And I don't even remember what else was happening because it was so uneventful

And Janice also lead to a great season finale by making Rachel insecure about having a baby by herself and saying "yes" when Joey "proposed"
/////Season 8A Episode 24 Rachel finally is dilated at 10 cm is wheeled into the delivery room. She has her legs up and pushes the baby. Ross tries encouraging her. Out comes baby Emma and she is adorable. The gang comes in.

Janice tells Rachel that its really her and the baby - just the two of them. Rachel says but she has Ross and Janice says she thought she would have her first husband. She asks Rachel what would she do once Ross finds someone and starts his own life? Rachel says well it is Ross so he will divorce.

Phoebe and Ross look at the newborns. She looks so wise and poised. She asks Ross why aren't they together again?

Chandler and Monica tried to have sex in the private room and Monica tells him to fertilize her. They later do it in a closet and Monica says this may have changed their lives forever. They might have a child in 9 months.

Joey comes in and tells her he will make sure she is never ever alone in this. He goes to get what she wants at the chair and the ring box drops. He picks it up and opens it. He turns around and Rachel says okay.
/////Season 9A Episode 1A This is a great start of a new season. First of all we have the whole proposal confusion. Rachel and Phoebe talking is pretty funny because Rachel thinks that Phoebe knows that Joey "proposed" while Phoebe believes that it was Ross.

Then the conversation of Ross and Phoebe is absolutely hilarious. Ross absolutely cannot believe how Rachel has the ring on. David Schwimmer is so great in this scene! And Ross even for a moment believes that he might have proposed

And Jack Geller is a great addition to this episode. I love how walks in on Monica and Chandler and then tries to teach her how to become pregnant
/////Season 9A Episode 1A Rachel misunderstands Joey, when he tries to catch Ross'wedding ring that fell on the floor. Rachel thinks Joey is proposing to her and say '' yes''to it. Joey stays in a terrible situation, trying to talk to Ross and Rachel but not having success. Joey talks to Chandler about the situation and Chandler tells Joey that he needs to tell Ross what really happened.

Phoebe asks Ross about his plans with Rachel, but Ross says that the only thing he thinks in the moment is to date Rachel again. He stays shocked when he sees that Rachel has his wedding ring.

Jack Geller goes to the hospital so see his granddaughter, and ends up seeing more then he wanted: he catches Monica and Chandler 'doing it'. The three stay embarrassed with the situation, and when Monica tells her father that she and Chandler are trying to have a baby, Jack stays Inconveniently telling them the best sex positions to have success in their goals.
/////Season 9A Episode 1A Rachel accepts and slips on the ring from Joey. Ross comes in and Joey awkwardly dances his way out. There is a bunch of one-sided conversations amongst the group and broken telephone. This leads to misunderstandings of wedding proposals. Joey hilariously is aroused by breastfeeding. The black nurse comes in and suggests massaging the breast and does so. When the baby latches on finally Joey says wow that baby is going to town! Ross is shocked in the end to learn how the misunderstandings came to be and that Rachel accepted Joey as her fiance.
/////Season 9A Episode 1A This episode is so funny. Just the idea of it. Rachel thinking Joey proposed by didn't actually propose.

In this episode, Rachel has just given birth to her beautiful baby girl, Emma. She thought Joey had proposed, but it turns out he didn't. But she says yes, so Joey goes along with it, for a while. When Ross comes to actually propose to Rachel, she tells him about her engagement to Joey. Ross is furious at Joey. Come on man, it's not his fault. He went to pick up the ring and Rachel misunderstood. Eventually Joey tells Rachel the truth, and she feels so stupid and silly for even thinking that he was proposing. I mean, just after she had another mans child. I mean, it would be cute and Joey does love her, but still. Meanwhile, Monica and Chandler decide to start trying to have a baby. They even try whilst at the hospital. And Jack, Monica's Dad, sort of walks in on it. How awkward.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10.
/////Season 9A Episode 1A After more contract negotiations over the summer the cast of 'Friends' returned for this 9th series, which is only right seeing as lots of plots were left unresolved and the mass fan return to the show in its 8th year showed that there was still life in the sitcom yet.

Jennifer Aniston and David Schwimmer give great performances, as the mystery of who proposed and who didn't is unravelled. Matt Le Blanc though still manages to be the funniest character in the show, adding more and more layers to Joey.

Lisa Kudrow is seriously underused, and sadly I didn't find the Monica/Chandler story line that funny, other than some of the Jack Geller lines delivered with aplomb by guest star Elliot Gould.

A good start to series 9
/////Season 9A Episode 2A The scene with Ross and Joey at the coffee place is the absolute winner. Whenever I watch it I laugh so much it almost makes me cry. I love Joey's use of quotations, how he convinces Ross to punch him and then gets out of the way so it makes Ross break a thumb, how he then punches him when trying to explain that this was a reflex. Very well written and acted. Gunther's smiling face when Ross is in pain was very amusing as well.

And Chandler was very funny as well. Both how he fells asleep and wakes up holding his coworkers hand. And also how he talks to his boss and this conversation is a total failure because he messes it up so much.

I just didn't like how Monica asks him if he is gay because he likes a musical. I do think that Friends was very good at trying to make homosexuality look like a normal thing that it is. But moments like this are just unnecessary because they promote stereotypes. Why would only gay men like musicals? Why is it not OK for a straight guy to like it?
/////Season 9A Episode 2A This had me rolling on the floor laughing. The line exchanges and timing will have you crack up one after another.
/////Season 9A Episode 2A Ross is upset that Rachel accepted Joey's proposal, even when Rachel tells him that the only reason she accept that, was the fact she didn't wanted to be alone raising her daughter.

Phoebe,Monica and Chandler make a small celebration in Ross apartment to welcome Emma and Rachel.

Chandler stays tired all day long,since he didn't sleep well because of a big divisional meeting he is going to have. He ends up sleeping in his work and accepting an invitation from his Company to stay working in Tulsa, Oklahoma. He tells Monica about the stupid thing he did, but she doesn't accept them to move there.

Despite of Phoebe's protests,Rachel wakes up Emma when she is sleeping, and now she doesn't stop crying. The only person who has success making her sleep is Monica.

Joey tries to convince Ross that he didn't want to propose to Rachel. Ross is upset and angry with Joey, and Joey asks Ross to punch him. When Ross is convinced by Joey to finally give him a punch, he ducks because of his reflex, and Ross ends up with a broken hand and even more angry with Joey.
/////Season 9A Episode 2A Ever so slowly Matt Le Blanc has become the funniest 'Friend' and this episode showcases that again. The scenes in the coffee house and the hospital with Ross are perfect examples of how funny and sweet he can be. It's no wonder NBC saw this development and thought there was potentially a spin-off series centred around him.

The rest of the episode is OK, nothing really special. Phoebe is again underused, and the plot about not being able to get Emma to sleep feels like a very generic sitcom plot.

Chandler's exile to Tulsa story line begins here, and it's nice to see Matthew Perry being given more to do than just be scared of domineering Monica.
/////Season 9A Episode 2A Rachel and the girls try to get Emma to stop crying. Monica finally does it and Rachel has her to stop the baby crying.

Ross and Joey have a talk about what Joey did.

Chandler was so worried about his meeting he couldn't sleep. At the actual meeting he accidentally accepted going to Oklahoma.

When Ross and Rachel are together in the apartment, Emma starts crying again and Rachel calls for Monica. Monica comes in and runs to the back and says, "On it!".
/////Season 9A Episode 2A Joey is just unbelievable. Honestly, I never thought my first review on IMDb would be for a Friend episode, but it's just getting unbearably annoying. I don't understand why every season has to end in such a frustrating way (except for season 2). I certainly didn't watch a comedy to get myself pissed off. I really hated Rachel when she showed up at Ross's wedding, and back then I didn't think I would hate another character in this show more. I was wrong. This whole Joey's-proposal thing is just outrageous. And in this episode I really wished that Ross had hit Joey, really hard. And now that I come to think about it, I don't understand why anyone would want to be Joey's friends. He's incredibly stupid and has done nothing but causing troubles. The story line about Chandler's promotion and Emma's crying is good, though. I don't think I'll continue to watch this show and keep get disappointed.
/////Season 9A Episode 3A In this episode we get a new great addition to Friends: Paul Rudd. I like the actor and am glad that he was part of the great show Friends. It is pretty funny how he joins them. The way Joey found him and the time they were sitting at the table at the restaurant were great scenes. I especially like how Joey started yelling for another Mike there.

I liked how "grown up" Joey and Rachel were about Dr. Weiner's name.

Sad to see Chandler go to Tulsa. But I loved how Joey was handling it. Especially when he doesn't let Monica talk to his best buddy on the phone, that was so Joey! The way Phoebe acted was a bit weird, I think they exaggerated there, this is not exactly what I would see her do. She may not be best friends with Chandler but she does love him too
/////Season 9A Episode 3A Chandler tell the Friends that he needs to go to Tulsa to Work, and he is going to stay there for 1 year. Monica is upset, and the Friends are all upset to see them moving, but Monica is decided to stay with Chandler no matter what, since she says that she cannot stay too distant from him. But when an interesting Job as the Headchef in JAVU shows up, she changes her mind.

Phoebe and Joey decide to bring someone interesting to each other, in a type of double date. Phoebe finds an interesting girl for Joey, but Joey forgets to find a guy for Phoebe,since he almost doesn't have male friends. He finds a guy in the Central Perk with the same name he invented to Phoebe (''Mike'') and asks him to pretend to be his friend in their dinner.

Rachel stays calling Emma's pediatrician every time anything silly happens to her daughter. Ross tells her that she needs to give him a break, but she doesn't stop calling him and the doctor ends up giving up of being Emma's pediatrician. Rachel has the idea of contact Ross and Monica's ex pediatrician, but Ross tells her that he died. (Of course, she later finds out that Ross continues to go to the pediatrician, in one of the most funny scenes of all series!)
/////Season 9A Episode 3A This is a really nice episode, with three good story lines.

It was nice to see Lisa Kudrow being given more to do, and in Paul Rudd she has a good actor to bounce off as her new love interest, Mike.

David Scwhimmer was also particularly funny in his story line, and having been paired with Jennifer Aniston's Rachel for much of the last series, it was good to see him in a fresh environment.

I said in a few reviews of series 8 episodes that I didn't like the fact that Chandler was so under the thumb in his marriage, so it was nice to see the dynamic being altered in this episode, with Chandler being sent off to Tulsa. Matthew Perry and Courtney Cox were sweet in their parting scene.

An impressive episode.
/////Season 9A Episode 3A Rachel and Ross really need a new pediatrician and Monica recommends their childhood doctor.

Rachel takes Emma and sees Ross coming out as a patient himself.

Joey has to find a date for Phoebe because they planned a double date. He calls out for a Mike and meets a stranger. Phoebe's date for Joey wears a low cut top and Phoebe describes her as easy and loose.
/////Season 9A Episode 4A While I liked th Phoebe story I was kind of upset they made her this way. Why couldn't she be happy with her life? Why do all women of the show have to be desperate for a long term relationship? It would be nice if Phoebe stayed the way Joey is: happy with her life, not trying to lock herself in a relationship

But other than that it was a good story. David Schwimmer made me laugh a lot especially with his Vicrum message.

I also liked how Joey gets into the girls apartment, realizes that he has been there before and tries to remember why. I especially love him with the cactus. Great facial expression and narration

The story with shark porn on the other hand was just stupid.
/////Season 9A Episode 4A Ross and Phoebe talk about Phoebe's relationship with Mike, and Ross let Phoebe stay insecure and crying, since he told her that she never had a serious relationship with anyone and that she doesn't care to anything. He tried to tell her that he envy her lifestyle, but it turns out to look quite the opposite to Phoebe, making her have a terrible date with Mike.

Ross feels responsible for that and talks to Mike to see if he can help the situation, but he tells Mike that Phoebe never had a serious relationship and makes thing even worst. (And Phoebe even more angry with him)

Joey meets a girl in Central Perk and has success in asking her to a date. Everything goes well, until Joey go to the girl's house: there, he is almost sure that he already had sex with her,since he remembers her apartment.

Monica decides to go to Tulsa to make Chandler a surprise. When she arrives and opens Chandler's apartment's door, she sees Chandler touching himself. When she sees the TV, there is a shark program on air, and she stays convicted that he masturbates watching Shark porn.
/////Season 9A Episode 4A This episode isn't great unfortunately, with two of the plots not really working in my opinion.

I didn't like the Phoebe story line as the fact she'd never had a serious relationship seemed blown out of proportion, and although David Schwimmer gives a good performance, Ross is annoying here.

The Chandler/Monica story line is so weak it doesn't even warrant me talking about it. A low moment in the history of the show.

The Joey story line is the only real saving grace, and that's nothing more than a standard sitcom plot.

Jennifer Aniston must've been filming something else at the same time as this as she barely features. To be honest she was best out of a weak episode.
/////Season 9A Episode 4A I love this episode. It's so funny. I found it interesting for Chandler to be living in Tulsa, Oklahoma, but it works.

In this episode, Monica surprise visits Chandler in Tulsa, and finds him "getting happy" to sharks. She assumes that he gets turned on by shark porn, which worries her. But because she's a loving and supportive wife, she tells him that she can learn to live with it. But it turns out that he was watching regular porn, and changed the channel because he didn't want Monica to know that he was watching it. Meanwhile, Ross makes Phoebe realize that she's never had a long-term relationship before and Joey is picked up by a woman who he swears he gone out with before. She doesn't convince him, her apartment does. It turns out that he had dated her roommate, which leads to very funny moments.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10.
/////Season 9A Episode 4A I like the Phoebe subplot, but Joey's and Chandler and Monica's is dumb. Monica witnesses Chandler jump up shouting, "do not disturb!" when she surprises him in Tulsa, as he's watching porn. She sees sharks on the screen thinking he's into shark porn? How dumb is that. It was completely obvious he changed the channel because he thought the hotel staff was coming in. With Joey, he dates a girl, goes to her apartment, and notices he's been there before. He thinks he's had sex with this girl in her apartment before, and not once does the thought go through his mind that she could have a roommate. I know they made Joey dumber throughout the series, but this is just ridiculous. Especially Monica.
/////Season 9A Episode 4A Phoebe is emotional after Ross tells her she has never been in a long-term relationship. She tells Mike she has never gone out with someone for more than a month and never had any anniversaries.

Chandler goes to Tulsa, Oklahoma and Monica comes to surprise him. While watching pay-per-view porn he masturbates and then Monica comes in. He quickly switches to another channel that is showing sharks and Monica misunderstands to believe he is into sharks.

Joey meets a girl in the cafe and goes to her apartment. He recognizes the apartment and wonders how the girl cannot remember him because he should be memorable in bed. Her roommate comes in and that was the girl he had sex with. Phoebe tells him he is in his thirties and goes from meaningless relationship to meaningless relationship. He says yeah I love my life.
/////Season 9A Episode 5A Phoebe set a dinner with the Friends in her birthday to celebrate the day. Only Mike cannot go because is busy, but everyone is invited.

Chandler is desperate when he sees that in Oaklahoma is allowed to smoke in the office, specially when all his workmates smoke. He ends up smoking many packs of cigarettes, and when he comes to New York to visit Monica,he still smells. Monica is ovulating and wants to have sex, but when she feels Chandler's smell, she stays angry with him. They argue, but Monica pretends to be okay with Chandler just to have sex with him and not lose her ovulation.

Rachel doesn't want to be separated from Emma, even having Phoebe's dinner to go. Ross do all his best to convince her that nothing will happen, but Rachel only accepts to go dinner if Judy (Ross' mother) and Emma comes too.

Joey and Phoebe stay a long time waiting for the other Friends to arrive, making Phoebe's birthday dinner to be terrible,even when the Friends arrive.
/////Season 9A Episode 5A While this is a funny episode of the show, it doesn't exactly show the characters (aside from Joey) at their best, as they all seem to put their lives before their friends.

I thought Matt Le Blanc was very funny here though. Full of charm and heart, it's lovely what the writers did to develop his character in the last few years of the show.

David Schwimmer also had some nice moments too, especially when telling the story about the 'whirlpool in the apartment'.

Sadly Monica is as annoying as ever, bossing Chandler around. I'm not sure where the writers were going with her at this point.

They might not have been the best friends here, but they were still on the whole funny.
/////Season 9A Episode 5A I love this episode. It's so funny. It's one of my all-time favorite Season 9 episodes, as well as one of my all-time favorites for the entire series.

In this episode, it's Phoebe's birthday and she's having a birthday dinner. She and Joey arrive and literally spend the rest of the episode waiting for the other guests to arrive. Whilst waiting, they're constantly asked to go to a smaller table, since bigger parties are waiting. I don't think that's fair considering they already have the table booked. It shouldn't matter. If no one else was ever going to come, then yes, a smaller table would be understandable, but it's not their fault that the other guests are late. The reason Chandler and Monica were late is because Chandler started smoking again, Monica got mad, but then she pretended to forgive him, so they could have sex, since she was about to finish ovulating. The reason why Ross and Rachel were late is because Rachel couldn't leave Emma, so in the end, Ross's Mum had to look after Emma, at the restaurant, because Rachel wouldn't leave her.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10.
/////Season 9A Episode 5A I really don't like this episode. They are all such horrible friends here.

Can't stand how little Monica and Rachel care about Phoebe. She is one of their friends and they care more about ovulating or not being able to let a baby with a babysitter who is part of the family? I am amazed that Phoebe likes them more than Ross and Chandler.

Rachel is getting annoying with her crazy mother self. Not all women who have babies lose their brains

Monica is nasty. Can't stand her here. I was mad at Chandler for not putting out a cigarette on her face. And all she can talk about is ovulating

This episode somehow seems to want to show us that people in relationships don't care about their closest friends. Even Phoebe who shouldn't be like one of those lets them there for a guy she recently met. And the only decent person here is Joey, the single guy. At least he got all the food that he sure deserved
/////Season 9A Episode 5A This episode is one of the worst and does not exemplify the brilliance of the show. The tone is depressing and uncomfortable to such a high degree that laughing is difficult. Nearly every character in this dark episode is angry or biting at another character. While this may reflect true life sometimes, it is unique to Friends' episodes. And although, the show's humor is often built around mishaps, this one feels too mean and thoughtless to fit in with the rest of the series. Except for Joey perhaps, every character is strongly inconsiderate at some point in the show without visible redemption or forgiveness. These are features that made Friends heartwarming, exemplary and enjoyable. Without it, you have sad dysfunction. Perhaps it just needed a bit more editing.
/////Season 9A Episode 5A It is Phoebe's birthday and everyone is to have dinner at an expensive looking restaurant.

Rachel and Ross get locked out of the apartment when they leave the key and shut the door. Emma is inside and they wait for Mrs. Geller to arrive.

Phoebe comes to the apartment and Mon answers the door in very sexy black lingerie. Her breasts look amazing. Chandler comes home and Phoebe says her breasts are like those of a Greek goddess. Mon wants sex because she is ovulating but the couple gets into a fight once Mon smells the cigarette smoke on him.

Joey is hungry and annoyed that the gang is so late. Everyone arrives and Mrs. Geller comes with Emma to the bar. Mike calls and Phoebe leaves to see him. The rest of the gang leaves except for Joey. He eats all their dishes and gets a birthday cake brought out to him.
/////Season 9A Episode 5A I enjoyed this episode much like I enjoy most Friends episodes. But this episode has some problems. For example, the Chandler Monica smoking storyline is probably one of my least favourite storylines as no one likes to see our favourite married couple fight. Joey is on top form in this episode and the ending with him eating the dishes and getting the cake caps off a good episode for Joey. Rachel and Ross are fairly good in this episode, the highlight being Ross' imaginary story about Emma and an eagle. That bit had me laughing for ages. But otherwise its a bit meh and stuff I've seen before. You feel sympathy for Phoebe at the end but then she just ditches them? A bit weird writing but that's just Phoebe's character I guess.
/////Season 9A Episode 5A Monica is a horrid person. In real life, Chandler would pack his junk and get the hell out. You have a kid with this horrible woman you have ruint the rest of your life Run Chandler, Run!!
/////Season 9A Episode 6A This episode was amazingly funny. Basically Freddie Prinze Jr. plays Sandy a lovable male nanny. Freddie played this part really well i thought he made it so the character was believable and Sandys true colours shine through. It's a very different role than Freddie is used to playing and i thought he would kind of suck at this type of character after seeing him in She's all that and I know what you did last summer in which the roles are fairly similar. But he proved me wrong and made me laugh so much it was just the way he reacted to certain things going on in the episode. This is a friends episode which is worth while seeing and along as Freddie in the script making you laugh Chandler is also very funny in this episode in his dilemma. I strongly recommend seeing it. See how funny it is for yourself.
/////Season 9A Episode 6A Honestly, this episode would be like any normal Friends episode: awesome. However, what really drags this episode down is Ross. Ross is absolutely terrible in this episode. He hates the male nanny, Sandy, in this episode, and it's annoying. Ross was never my favorite character (he's pretty far from it), but man, this episode gives me a whole new dislike for him every time I watch it.
/////Season 9A Episode 6A I really am not a fan of this episode.

The baby sitter story was just horrible. Freddy Prince Jr. did a great job as a male nanny. but the story didn't make me laugh once. Oh a guy is a nanny, he cries, bakes and plays flute, how funny is that! Very sexist, just imagine a story with reversed roles where a woman is made fun of because she "acts like a guy". Actually it is good that made that joke on the show as well ("it is as if a woman would be..."). Seems to me the writer noticed it but whatever they planned didn't work out for me. I find it interesting that a character having a big problem with it was Ross. A guy who often has very sensitive, and yet often seems to hide it because he is apparently insecure. So he was a good choice. But I found it sad that a perfect nanny wasn't hired because of gender and because Ross was a bigot. At least he could have acknowledged that he is wrong and decide to work on himself

The Chandler story was not funny at all. I just liked the scene where all three of them laugh at his jokes, even when he isn't making any. Great acting

Phoebe's story was a good one. I liked how they brought David again. He sure is a great character. This story though couldn't completely save a bad episode
/////Season 9A Episode 6A Monica is happy to work in the new restaurant, but she makes Chandler worried when she says that Jeffrey, the mâitre d ', is the funniest guy she knows. Chandler stays trying to make Monica laugh of his jokes, but he doesn't have much success, quite opposite really: Monica is always remembering Jeffrey's jokes, instead.

Chandler tells Joey about how he feels with the situation with Monica, and Joey tries to help him.

Ross and Rachel are doing many interviews to find a perfect nanny for Emma. No one is really good, until Sandy arrives. Sandy is sweet and very tender, but the only problem is that he is a guy, and Ross doesn't feel comfortable to see a man in this job,specially one so sensitive. Rachel on the other hand, loves him and wants to hire him as fast as she can.

Mike and Phoebe talk about their relationship and they exchange their apartment keys, in a sign of a serious relationship. Almost as a coincidence, Phoebe sees David and stays in doubt of who she likes the most. When David comes to see her in her apartment, she kisses him, but Mike sees it, making their relationship to be close to a edge.
/////Season 9A Episode 6A I've always had a problem with the way Friends treated femininity in males, I understand it was a different time but it's still really frustrating to see the way all the guys reacted to the male nanny, especially ross who was EXTREMELY rude (there's a reason he's my least favorite character in the show). I also really didn't like the phoebe storyline or the chandler storyline. just a very let-down of an episode.
/////Season 9A Episode 6A I love this episode, it's so funny. It's a really great 200th episode.

In this episode, Rachel and Ross decide to hire a nanny for Emma, since Rachel has to go back to work soon. They find the perfect nanny, Sandy, who turns out to be a man, who is not gay/ He is very caring and sensitive and Rachel loves him and thinks he's the perfect choice. Ross doesn't. He was very sexist to the idea of a male nanny who isn't gay. Thanks for being one of the people who send the world back two-hundred years, Ross. Eventually, Sandy doesn't work out and Rachel has to fire him. Meanwhile, Phoebe meets up with David, her ex-boyfriend who went to Minsk to do research. Phoebe feels really guilty about it because she hasn't told Mike. David asks her if she has a boyfriend, and without even realizing what she was saying, she says no. Things don't go down well. Also, Chandler feels threatened when Monica says a guy at work is the funniest person she's ever met.

Fun Fact: The 200th episode of the series.

Special Guest Stars: Hank Azaria and Freddie Prinze Jr.

Overall, I give this episode a 9 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Amazing.
/////Season 9A Episode 6A I jus recently started binge watching FRIENDS on NETFLIX and I must say I believe the hype about this show. I had always known about it but, never watched. It is a funny ass show which is y I think it's kinda disappointing this was the 200th episode... Ultimately I didn't like this episode solely bc of the Ross sexist story line (like he of all people???)
/////Season 9A Episode 6A I simply hate how feminity is treated here. Just made me skip this episode. So open in many aspects but so stupid when it comes to this aspect. You just hate Ross in this chapter. Worst episode from the whole show.
/////Season 9A Episode 6A This is an episode where the two guest stars (Freddie Prince Jr and Hank Azaria) steal the show from right under the noses of the main cast, in this, the 200th episode of 'Friends'.

Poor Pheobe is left in a dilemma as she has to choose between Mike and David, and Lisa Kudrow gives a great performance.

I liked all the male nanny stuff, with Prince Jr, Jennifer Aniston and David Schwimmer all working together, and being given some very funny material by creators Marta Kauffman and David Crane, who wrote this episode.

It was nice to see Matthew Perry being allowed to be funny in his own right in this episode too, and I liked that he was working closer with Matt Le Blanc.

A funny 200th episode.
/////Season 9A Episode 6A Ross is uncomfortable that their nanny is a man.

Phoebe puts Mike's hand on her boob instead of holding his hand so that she can prepare her drink. Phoebe meets her scientist friend at her door and they later kiss. Mike comes in and notices that the man has her lipstick on his mouth.

Ross sits down to fire Sandy but ends up opening up that he has this uncomfortableness because his father questioned his masculinity in situations.

Joey spends time with Sandy and then asks how much it costed. Joey says it is the cheapest college.
/////Season 9A Episode 7A This is a good episode. I loved the story of Emma laughing. It is just so funny that she laughs to this song. And having Ross and Rachel rapping how they like big butts was great as well

The story of the videotape was pretty cool too. I liked how Joey threw both Chandler and Monica on the floor so that they don't see what they thought was Monica in action. Was also happy that Richard deleted the video

And the best part was Phoebe meeting Mike's parents. Was pretty funny how she was trying to be like them with her clothes and accent. And the still let the Phoebe out with punching Mike's dad and telling them about a pimp spitting in her mouth. Also great that she threw up in their closet. Serves them right for feeding meat to a vegetarian
/////Season 9A Episode 7A Okay, so i love EVERY episode of friends...but this one cracks me up every time i watch it! I just think is hilarious to watch Ross and Rachel singing 'Baby Got Back' especially when they are both singing and dancing and then the rest of the gang come in and Rachel carries on oblivious to their presence! I also love it when Phoebe goes to see Mike's parents and tries to act posh - "heres something rich, 13 bathrooms in this place i threw up in the coat closet...Tatar!" - pure gold! I think the fact that everyone is used to Phoebe's - I suppose 'blondeness' - just makes it so typical of her, but because Mike's parents aren't used to this, their reactions are brill! All in all another fantastic episdode of Friends! Not to be missed! x
/////Season 9A Episode 7A Ross wants to make Emma laugh, so he starts to sing a rap song ( Baby Got back) from Sir Mix-a Lot. He has success in making Emma laugh for the first time, and when he tells Rachel about what happened, she doesn't like and tells him how terrible parent he was to sing a song like that to their daughter. She tries to make Emma laugh doing other things, but ends up singing the same song to her.

Joey wants to know about investments,specially now that he is making a lot of money with the soap opera ''Days of Our Lives.''. Monica tells him that real estate is the best investment, and that Richard is selling his great apartment. Joey decides to see the place and Chandler goes with him, but when they arrive there, they see a tape with Monica's name in it. Chandler is pretty sure that it is a sex tape with Monica and Richard, and takes the tape to see in his house.

Rachel helps Phoebe to choose nice clothes to meet Mike's parents and also tells her how to behave. Mike's parents are from Upper East Side,Park Avenue, and Phoebe tries to be different to please them. Mike tells her that she should be herself, and many funny situations happens after he says that.
/////Season 9A Episode 7A I love this episode. It's so funny. My favorite "segment" of the episode is the way Phoebe acts around Mike's parents.

In this episode, Phoebe meets Mike's parents, but is very nervous. She puts on an accent and pretends to be "upscale". Mike's parents don't approve but Mike doesn't care because he loves Phoebe. Awww! Meanwhile, Ross sings Baby Got Back to Emma to make her giggle and smile, but when Rachel finds out, she is furious. Until she herself sings the song to make Emma laugh. And whilst in Richard's apartment, because he's selling it, Joey and Chandler find a tape marked Monica, and they think it's a sex tape. When they watch it, and Monica walks in, they discover that it's not Monica, and that Richard had taped over her.

Overall, I give this episode a 9 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Amazing.
/////Season 9A Episode 7A Ross sings a rap song that is dirty and Rachel disapproves the lyrics. It's about a man who likes sex with girls who have a tiny waist and a big round thing in your face.

Phoebe asks the girls which dress to see Mike's parents at their house for the first time. They are rich and the girls say neither. Rachel dresses her up and Mike opens the door. Phoebe looks like an early 2000s preppy girl.

The gang opens the door and see Ross and Rachel singing Baby Got Back to Emma. Ross sees them and stops but Rachel keeps going a little bit longer.
/////Season 9A Episode 7A Ross makes Emma laugh by singing Sir Mix-A-Lot's "Baby Got Back." Joey and Chandler, viewing Richard's old apartment, discover what they think is a tape of Richard having sex with Monica. Phoebe goes to dinner with Mike and his parents, where they encourage him to date somebody else. He tells them he loves Phoebe though. Very funny, Pheobe talks in a very posh accent and at the end uses the accent to say,"heres something rich, 13 bathrooms in this place i threw up in the coat closet...Tatar!" hilarious! Also the 200th episode. gr8 but not as spectacular as the one hundredth when Phoebe has her triplets. Gotta love it!
/////Season 9A Episode 7A This episode recover the real Friends. The friendship of all them were so dead since Mônica and Chandler got married. Chandler come back to Friends and all the cast work very well here. There is true in this episode, not only any story to fill 30 minutes.
/////Season 9A Episode 7A This is a really funny episode of the show, with three good story lines.

I liked that Phoebe is now in a serious relationship and the way that Mike stood up for her in front of his parents. Paul Rudd has been a good addition to the cast.

It was lovely also to see Matthew Perry and Matt LeBlanc working together in this episode, and although it was unclear quite why Chandler is so threatened by Richard, there were a lot of laughs in this story.

Jennifer Aniston and David Schwimmer singing/rapping 'Baby Got Back' was also a particular highlight.
/////Season 9A Episode 8A Amy, Rachel's other sister is a Pandora's box of laughter. Her immaturity, lack of regard for other people's feelings all wind up forming such a tight pack of laughter that make your lungs pop. The one liners and phrases like "crazy plate lady" or Amy's blatant description of Ross and Monica are purely hilarious.

Every punch in this episode cackles you up. This is one of the rare episodes in the history of World Television where the whole comedy surrounding the characters connect and there are no tributaries to the mainstream and yet they pull off a closed and neatly knit script and manage to make their audience laugh, and that very well. Easily one of the best episodes of the legendary show FRIENDS.
/////Season 9A Episode 8A It's Thanks Giving Day, and Chandler tells Monica about his suggestion of using their wedding China. Monica is against it, specially because everything was so expensive and she is afraid that someone breaks their stuff.

Joey is watching the Parade, when he sees the Days of Our Lives float full of the stars of the Soap Opera.He forgets that he needed to go there, and tries to find a reasonable excuse to say why he missed the Parade. The problem is that Joey is terrible lying and he always blame a raccoon for the things he does.

Amy, one of Rachel's sisters,is alone in the Thanks Giving,and Rachel invites her to stay with them in Monica's house. The only problem is that Amy is annoying and insensitive, and always make everybody feel bad with her presence. A debate about who would stay with Emma if Ross and Rachel dies begins, and everybody ends up fighting.
/////Season 9A Episode 8A Like most Thanksgiving episodes this one is brilliant

Christina Applegate was a great addition to it. Rachel's sister Amy was a very funny character and Christina Applegate made a great job as her.

The whole discussion about who gets Emma was a great dialogue. I loved Chandler in it. I really liked the part where he describes how all his friends and wife die and he doesn't even get to keep Emma. Joey's question "who will have to die for me to get her?" was hilarious. And it was also great when Chandler tells Ross that he will not get Joey if Chandler dies

Joey missing the parade was very funny as well. Especially when he finds it out and when he sees on his other arm that he also had to pick up grandma
/////Season 9A Episode 8A I cannot stop laughing for even one second. The most funny part should be the sudden occurrence of this other sister.
/////Season 9A Episode 8A Racheal's sister Amy comes in for thanks giving. When they get to Monica's place she kept on calling Phobe Emma and Emma Ella. Then Amy gets mad about Racheals discount at Ralph Laurens and that when both Ross & Racheal die Emma goes to Monica and if Monica dies then Ross parents get Emma, also Chanler gets mad that after Monica he dose not get Emma. Racheal and Amy get in a big cat fight and knock over one of Monica's fancy dishes. At the end Racheal says Amy can use her Ralph Lauren discount but not get Emma and Amy accepts. They also tell Chanler if Monica dies then he can get Emma so he goose and gets a diaper to change her and knocks over all of Monica's fancy dishes she had in a box.
/////Season 9A Episode 8A Amy, Rachel's sister played by Christina Applegate has arrived. I love her hair!!!!!

The gang goes over to the Bings for Thanksgiving. They discuss where each of them are in the line to have Emma in the case where her parents die.

Monica is very careful about the plates and then they end up being all broken.
/////Season 9A Episode 8A It's not funny and Amy Green is horrible. She's not funny she's rude.

And what's with the pointless so called trivia for this episode ?
/////Season 9A Episode 8A Christina Applegate joins the 'Friends' cast as Rachel's other sister for this fun and funny Thanksgiving episode.

I really liked the way the writers added depth to the character of Chandler here, with Matthew Perry stepping up. Perry is a far better dramatic actor than people give him credit for, and this episode displays that.

The Joey story line was a bit weaker, but well performed by Matt Le Blanc.

I also liked Monica here. Obsessive, yes, but also warm and funny. When the writers find the right balance for her Courtney Cox is great.

A nice episode.
/////Season 9A Episode 9A I really like the story with Chandler and Joey. It was very funny. Actually serves Chandler right for deceiving his friend like that and not making plans with him. I liked how Joey was sitting outside the door with a baseball bat. And it had lots of great moments, like when Joey talks to Chandler on the phone and hears a man talking in his apartment, how Monica puts cushions on the bed and of course the ending was great

Ross and Mike's evening together was absolutely great. It was also acted out very well, you can feel the awkwardness. And it becomes so hilarious when Mike comes back and also tries to pick up the phone!

And we get some more happening in the complicated Ross and Rachel relationship.

I must also note that Phoebe was dressed so not like her character. I guess they really are showing how she changes from being a fun, original character into a boring relationship woman
/////Season 9A Episode 9A This is another good fun episode of 'Friends' from the 9th series.

We have developments in the complicated Ross and Rachel story, and although I may not have totally agreed with Ross's actions at the end, I can understand why he did it.

The Joey/Chandler/Monica story line was funny too, and it was nice to see Monica in on the fun. I miss the early days of the show when there were more Joey/Chandler story lines.

All the awkward silences in the Ross/Mike (guest star Paul Rudd) were funny too.

This is an episode that gets repeated an awful lot, but that's a testament to its quality, and it's still funny today.
/////Season 9A Episode 9A Joey invites Chandler to see a Knicks game in a very privileged place, and to make things better, he also bought their tickets. The problem is that the game is in the same day that Monica is going to stay home to see Chandler, and she doesn't want to lose the day with him. Monica tells Chandler to give Joey an excuse, but he doesn't know what to say, since nothing would convince Joey enough. He decides to tell Joey that he is going to stay in Tulsa, but this becomes a problem when Joey listens to a man's voice in Monica's apartment and thinks she is cheating Chandler.

Rachel and Phoebe are going out. It will be Rachel's first night distant from Emma, who is going to stay with Ross. Ross stays surprised how beautiful Rachel is,since he doesn't see her dressed for the night for a long time. They have a ''moment'' before Rachel goes out from the apartment.

Ross invites Mike, Phoebe's boyfriend, to stay with him in the apartment and to drink some beers while they know each other better. But the problem is that they don't have much things in common, and a boring night for both of them is arriving.

Rachel and Phoebe have success with two guys in the bar they go, but Phoebe tells the guy who flirted with her that she is dating someone, while Rachel ends up giving her phone number to the guy who flirted her. The problem is that she is not interested in him, and now is worried that Ross can pick up the phone.
/////Season 9A Episode 9A Rachel is all dressed up in the lowest cut dress I have seen on her yet. She looks beautiful. Phoebe comes and off they go to the bar.

Mike and Ross stay at Ross's and it is very awkward between them.

Rachel and Phoebe meet two guys and they ask for their phone numbers. Rachel caves in and gives hers to Bill the blonde man.

They call Mike asking him to intercept all the calls so Ross will not find out about Bill.

Ross answers Bill's call after everyone has come home and are out in the hall. He slips the note in his pocket and doesn't tell Rachel.
/////Season 9A Episode 10 Well, this episode represents a decent shoutout for me (and I am surprised that nobody had mentioned it before): In Season 1, Episode 13, when Joey's father and his mistress stayed in Joey and Chandler's, Chandler was (as they were chit-chatting about such incident with Joey on their davenport) wondering whether there will be a time in there future where they will reject an opportunity for adultry by the phrase "No thanks, I am married"...

Well, after 8 years of waiting, being apart from his upset wife and vulnerable indeed, he subconsciously quoted such phrase in refusing the runner-up of Miss Tulsa contest (ever-charming Selma Blair) and even afforded to quit the job in which he was a veteran and promoted recently in order to return to his wife only.

Chandler was, and always is, "the man"...
/////Season 9A Episode 10 Chandler tells everyone that he is going to work in Christimas. Everybody stays sad,specially Monica. Chandler is the only Friend who doesn't like his job , and also the only one who sacrifices himself for something he doesn't love.

In Tulsa, all Chandler's workmates are angry to work instead of staying with their families. Chandler feels guilty to see them losing their good moments with their families and tells everybody to go home. He stays alone with Wendy, a very beautiful woman who almost won a beauty contest in Oaklahoma. Monica stays jealous of the situation, and she does have a reason to stay that way, when Wendy hits on Chandler.

Wendy makes Chandler think about the fact that if he loves his wife, he should be with her. He ends up going to New York and telling all the Friends that he resigned from his job, and that now he will search something he really loves to do.
/////Season 9A Episode 10 It's an okay episode, but the worst the show's ever delivered. It's a clip show, so it's bound to be either great or bad (for FRIENDS' standards) and this one is the latter. Also, its main focus is on one of the weakest storylines ever--Chandler in Tulsa. But, it's FRIENDS, so it could never be bad.
/////Season 9A Episode 10 'Friends' tended to do a flashback episode once a series, and this is the series 9 version. 'Friends' also did some good Christmas themed episodes too, so its a shame they wasted this slot on this episode.

It's actually quite nice to see Matthew Perry's Chandler away from Monica for a change, and I enjoyed the scenes he had in the office.

It of course does then descend into 10 minutes worth of flashback material from old episodes, with some not so subtle linking material in between, but its worth sticking around for the big news at the end.
/////Season 9A Episode 10 Chandler has to go to work in Tulsa for Christmas and New Year's Eve. Everyone else likes their job except for Chandler.

Chandler lets everyone go home early but one girl named Wendy stays behind and flirts with Chandler. She is a gorgeous short-haired girl who was second place in the Miss. Oklahoma contest.

This episode recaps Chandler moments.

Phoebe looks beautiful when she noticed it is snowing outside. Chandler comes home and announces he quit so they cannot fire him. He will start doing what he loves like the rest of them but is unsure on what that is.

He looks at the newspaper for jobs and tells Mon she is the sole breadwinner. She hands him a twenty dollar bill and tells him to buy something pretty while she is at work tomorrow.
/////Season 9A Episode 10 Just another wasted episode

And this time not only did they show flashbacks that I could live without, they also showed flashbacks that weren't the best moments of the show and made it seem longer and more boring

The story in between the flashbacks is very boring and cheesy as well. So Chandler loves Monica so much he won't cheat on her and quits to come home. Well, he should have left her and hooked up with the hot girl from Tulsa. Who is 100 times better looking than Monica (who is not too good for Chandler at all as is often said) and even with ham stealing a probably 10000000 times a better person

The good thing is that Chandler quit his job and we know that we will get some laughs from that
/////Season 9A Episode 11 Chandler is unemployed and doesn't have a clue what to do. Monica tells him to find his passion in life, a job he would love to do and to imagine himself working with it for a long time. She gives him a hand, organizing a lot of jobs to help him make his choice in a more accurate way. Chandler gets interested to work with Advertising and Monica schedules a meeting for Chandler meet a vice president from an Advertising company she met. The guy offers Chandler the chance of doing a non payed internship, and even staying excited with the chance, he sees that he will need to talk to Monica about the idea of not having children for sometime.

Phoebe is broke and Joey tells her to be an extra on his show to receive some money. In the beginning Phoebe stays nervous, but soon she ends up taking things in a very serious way, almost thinking that she is the character she is playing.

Ross and Rachel introduce Emma to Rachel's workmates in Ralph Lauren. Once they are there, Rachel meets Gavin, a man who was hired to to do her job in her absence. Rachel doesn't like Gavin since the beginning and even before her maternity license expires, she starts to work again. She doesn't want to lose her job to Gavin, who is a very competent worker.
/////Season 9A Episode 11 Sometimes a single scene can steal a whole episode, and that is exactly what happens here. Lisa Kudrow's Phoebe working as a 'Days Of Our Lives' extra trying to carry a tray to a patient in an operating theatre was hysterical. It's also fun to see Evan Handler, who would later pop in in 'Studio 60' in this episode too.

Dermot Mulroney appears for the first time as Gavin, Rachel's new co-worker/potential love interest, and his dry delivery works a treat.

It's nice to see Matthew Perry playing a slightly more dramatic story line too, as Chandler adapts to being unemployed.

Three good story lines here.
/////Season 9A Episode 11 The funniest part of this episode is Phoebe being an extra on Days of Our Lives and having her "acting process". Lisa Kudrow was awesome in this story. Another great thing was the guest performance of Evan Handler

I liked the story of Chandler and Monica. It presents a realistic problem of someone changing careers and wanting to postpone the baby. And I even liked Monica in it, she was very nice and supportive, so out of her character. If only she could always be like that. And Chandler's advertisement logos were also pretty fun

What I liked the most in Rchale story was the moment where Ross goes to kiss Emma and ends up with her ribbon on his head. So cute!
/////Season 9A Episode 11 Gavin is introduced as the insufferable character no one wants to see: the single guy with no kids who thinks having kids is easy. He shows up and immediately starts violating workplace discrimination laws which Rachel's boss backs him for doing and is then presented as a hero for eventually showing basic decency. To make matters worse he might be a possible love interest. Overall it's just cringy watching someone bully a vulnerable new parent and then that parent has to grovel and thank the person who tried to take advantage of them for not following through on their threats.
/////Season 9A Episode 11 Chandler is unemployed and has nothing to go to this morning. He is hesitating to make a baby with Monica because he is now starting a whole new career. Monica says he is free now so he can do whatever he wants.

Phoebe is short on money and takes Joey's breakfast. Ross and Rachel come by the cafe looking very well dressed to bring Emma to Rachel's workplace. He offers to help her get a job as an extra at his set. She is nervous - she first plays a nurse and then she is a waitress but she cannot understand how the two roles are to be because her fans will get confused. Joey makes up how the two roles fit together - she is a nurse who works as a waitress too. Phoebe imagines she is a single mom with two kids.

Rachel is shocked to find her replacement while she is on maternity leave in her office. He is on the ruder side and Rachel is concerned they might replace her. She argues over who does the presentation with him because she wants to make sure she solidifies her position and will be remembered for doing the task.
/////Season 9A Episode 12 Rachel and Ross finally found a good nanny to Emma, Molly. Everybody finds Molly a hot girl, but Rachel doesn't understand what everybody sees in her. Ross tells Joey that Molly is forbidden to him, because Joey has the terrible habit of sleeping with girls and never call them back. Ross asks Chandler to help him to let Joey distant from Molly, and Joey tries to do everything to get rid of them.

Mike stays shocked to see rats in Phoebe's kitchen, and even more disgusted when he sees that Phoebe voluntarily takes care of the rats. He sets some traps to kill ''Bob'' (the rat), but pretty soon they discover that Bob was female and had an offspring. Phoebe decides to take care of Bob's babies, since she feels responsible for it's death.

It's Rachel Birthday and Monica is going to make a party to her in the apartment. Rachel starts to have a better relationship with Gavin (but they always fight in some point), and Monica invites him to go to Rachel's birthday party. At the party, Rachel stays moody and cursing Gavin, until he arrives at the party and they kiss.
/////Season 9A Episode 12 I love Friends. I've watched it fairly religiously over and over since about 2006 and I consider myself an expert on it. This episode makes me sad because out of all of Rachel's love interests Gavin is my favorite. Dermot Mulroney is freakin gorgeous and the chemistry he has annoying Rachel is well... kind a hot. I wish they had given him a bigger role in this. Unfortunately the Storyline of Phoebe and the rats is past it's placement to me. I feel like it would have worked with a younger Phoebe but having an older more mature Phoebe act this way over rats is annoying and unbelievable. Also Joey acting manic over Molly the hot nanny doesn't sit right either. And it annoys me that she "takes the baby home" because their all at Rachel's party, Joey follows her then Chandler and Ross follow Joey, they all end up at Ross's apt and then Molly just leaves effectively eliminating one of them (probably Ross) from going back to Rachel's party. She must have called Tabitha right when she got to the apt.... Just a weird unbelievable storyline blip.
/////Season 9A Episode 12 The guys drool over Molly the hot new nanny. When the girls are not hearing Ross joins the guys saying he couldn't sleep because of how hot she is. It is Rachel's birthday and Monica comes to her workplace. She meets the mean worker named Gavin and he accidentally gets invited to the party.

Gavin comes at 9:30 pm when everyone has left and joins Rachel + Mon at the balcony. Gavin overhears the girls talking about him being a jerk. Rachel checks his watch and Rachel says wow this was a lame party. He gives her his gift to her and it is a green scarf. Gavin is kind of cocky and calls her annoying. Rachel says that Mon thinks he may treat her that way because he likes her. Gavin kisses her and then they kiss again as Ross watches from his apartment.
/////Season 9A Episode 12 Season nine of friends is difficult to watch. The deterioration of the storylines, were becoming obvious for all to see. Rachel and Ross should have got back together, when they had Emma. Instead the writers introduced yet another pointless love interest for Rachel, stretching the will they, won't they senario to another series. I found this episode quite tedious, with Pheobe's rats and Joey lusting after the nanny
/////Season 9A Episode 12 I really disliked the title story, I thought it was just plain daft, and tend to skip past it on the DVD.

I like what they're doing with Monica so far this series. Yes, she can still be annoying and bossy, but she has been much nicer in recent episodes.

We get developments too in the Ross and Rachel story in this episode, with Dermot Mulroney's Gavin being at the centre of this.

I do feel a bit sorry for Ross, but after Rachel gave out her number to a guy in a previous episode I can't help but think he should've seen this coming.
/////Season 9A Episode 12 In this episode Mike keeps on ruining Phoebe. I can sure understand that he doesn't want to have a rat in the house. but Phoebe had no problem with him killing Bob? She had an issue when that cop killed a pigeon bu she has no problem that Mike didn't bother to buy the traps that don't kill the rat? Too bad, Phoebe I loved would not give up on animals and approve something like that for a guy. I also wonder what they did with the babies. Seems like Mike just killed them as well and it is presented to us as the reasonable thing to do

Joey's love for the nanny is just great especially when he tries to make it a Romeo and Juliet kind of thing

And another dramatic movement in the Ross and Rachel story when he sees the kiss!
/////Season 9A Episode 13 This is just another episode that shows the downfall of Phoebe's character. So she is the one who tells Joey that men should only get eye brows done when they get a sex change. Wow. Something that close minded from the sweet Phoebe who is not into the narrow world view of our society? Why did she become like that? And the thing with Monica....What a horrible friend she was. Not only didn't she turn down the lights or told Monica right when it she noticed it, she even let Monica go on stage again? What kind of a friend is that?

The whole Joey and his eye brows story was pretty boring. I don't know how many times one can laugh to the whole "making eye brows is so feminine" joke

The only good thing in this episode was that girl Ross met and brought to the house. Very funny character
/////Season 9A Episode 13 This episode has a lot going on, and to its credit does an awful lot right.

Ross trying to pick up women was a funny story line, especially when he brought the oddest one back to the apartment. The whole Ross and Rachel story line in this 9th series has been a little annoying at times, but here it is well played.

The Joey story line was typically funny, with Matt LeBlanc on good form.

I could take or leave the Monica/Phoebe story line, and I agree with another reviewer that Phoebe has been altered as a character slightly this series. Chandler seems to float between all three story lines too, and that was nice.

Yes the episode wastes its main guest star (Dermot Mulroney) but on the whole its another good episode.
/////Season 9A Episode 13 Ross stays angry with Rachel, because he saw Gavin kissing her on Monica's balcony. He tells Chandler that he is going to kiss other girls too, and tries everything to get a woman. ( So funny to see him desperate!) Ross wants to show Rachel that he can go out with other women, and he brings a crazy woman he met in Central Perk to his house to introduce Rachel.

Rachel doesn't go to work because she doesn't want to see Gavin, so she calls her work and tells she is sick. Gavin comes to visit her, and he doesn't understand when Rachel asks him to hide because Ross is probably coming home. When the person who arrives in her home shows up to be Molly, Rachel tells Gavin that she likes him, but she feels guilty because Ross is her daughter's father and they have a lot of story together.

Joey will need to wax his eye browns for his new head shots with a great photographer. He schedules an appointment using Chandler's name. When he comes home, he only has one eyebrow waxed. He couldn't stand the pain, and Chandler reveals to him that he used to do his father's eye browns when he was younger to win some money, so he can help Joey to fix his other eye brown.

Phoebe invites Monica to see Mike playing Piano in a bar he works, to give him support. Mike and Phoebe try to convince Monica to sing, and after some time, she finally accepts to sing ''Delta Dawn''. The Bar's audience loves to see Monica singing, since her breasts are all visible to them.
/////Season 9A Episode 13 Gavin shows up at the apartment to check on Rachel.

Monica sings and her shirt is see through.
/////Season 9A Episode 14 Rachel is living with Joey again, and things go well, spite of the fact that he wakes up every night with Emma's cry. Ross asks Joey to help him to find a girl to date, and Joey doesn't like the idea because he thinks Ross and Rachel should be together. He talks to Phoebe about what Ross told him, and Phoebe tells Joey that Rachel also asked her to help her to meet someone. They have a plan to introduce Ross and Rachel to horrible persons they know, in order to make them see that were meant to be together. ( I love Phoebe's evil laugh!)

Rachel goes out to dinner with the most horrible and annoying guy in the world and Ross got stood up.

Chandler and Monica want to have sex because she is ovulating, but since they are taking care of Emma, they cannot do anything in front of her. They decide to go to their room, and when Joey enters in Monica's apartment, he discovers what they are doing. He decides to take Emma to his apartment, what makes Monica and Chandler stay desperate searching for her everywhere.
/////Season 9A Episode 14 This is a pretty good episode. Phoebe and Joey create a plan to get Ross and Rachel together. I like their "plan laughters", especially when Joey makes the Santa one.

The dates were just perfectly made. David Schwimmer is so great as Ross who thinks that he is being stood up, very funny! Was also happy to see Sam Pancake as the waiter again. Rachel's date had a chance to be irritating, because of their anti drug sentiment (oh, the stoner guy lost everything "to drugs") but Jon Lovitz is absolutely great at it!

Monica and Chandler's story was alright. I don't really know what is a big deal about having sex with a baby in the house, as far as I know it is common practice and nobody goes to jail for it. But it was funny that Chandler and Joey were testing if they are ovulating with Monica's sticks
/////Season 9A Episode 14 Joey and Phoebe try to show Ross and Rachel that they're meant to be together by setting them both up on terrible blind dates. That's the main plot in this thinner episode from the 9th series of 'Friends'.

In fact if anything I preferred the Chandler/Monica story line, as Matthew Perry had some good lines in it, and I liked Joey's reaction when he saw that they were having sex in another room while they were meant to be looking after Emma. There have been a few Chandler/Monica/Joey moments in the 9th series, and the show has been all the better for it.

Not a classic episode, but it has some nice moments.
/////Season 9A Episode 15 I really liked this episode. The part with Joey's audition is just great. Jeff Goldblum was a great guest actor. And every time Joey auditioned it was just too funny, especially when he peed at the end when he got the role

I also really liked the idea of Phoebe having mugged Ross in the past. The descriptions of the incident were very funny and it was a sweet moment at the end where Ross got his "science boy" back

Chandler's story was alright as well. Although I think they exaggerated how old he is. I guess they just did it to emphasize how old he felt around the younger interns
/////Season 9A Episode 15 Chandler has to adapt to being an intern in this nice 9th series episode of 'Friends'. It allows Matthew Perry to play a different side to Chandler, and there were some nice moments within that story.

I liked Joey's story too, with Matt Le Blanc's skill as a physical comedian coming through.

The 'Phoebe mugged Ross' story line divides opinion amongst fans because it just seems to be one coincidence too many. Having spent a lot of time making Phoebe more mature over this 9th series this story seemed jarring.

Jennifer Aniston must have been filming something else at the same time as this episode, because she barely features.

A funny episode overall.
/////Season 9A Episode 15 Chandler got a job in advertising, but it is an internship, so he will not be payed for it. He is excited because the company will hire the interns they like the most after the training program. When Chandler arrives in the place, he stays shocked how older he is compared to the other interns. He also has difficulties in finding modern themes for the modern products of the company, like a horrible Sneaker that Joey loved.

Ross stays shocked to discover that Phoebe was a mugger in the past, and becomes angry when Phoebes reveals to him that she already mugged him when they were teenagers near a Comics Shop.

Joey gets an audition with Leonard Hayes for a play in the Broadway. Leonard is going to be the director, so Joey is very nervous. Leonard doesn't like him, but the producer asks Leonard to give Joey one more chance. He comes again in the afternoon, but since he wants to pee, he plays the character with the sense of urgency and personality that Leonard wanted, and ends up being hired for the play.
/////Season 9A Episode 15 This episode contains lots of fun performances from Joy and the advertisement line that Chandler came up with is just full of wit.
/////Season 9A Episode 15 Phoebe as a mugger? Seriously? I wasn't apreciating how Phoebe was changing during the seasons. Her character was imploded with many contradictions and her personality was gone so confused. But this the screenplayers gone too far. I could understand how Friends show was next to its ending.
/////Season 9A Episode 15 I don't really enjoy the "Chandler is old and an intern" stuff. Maybe it was funny in 2003 though when this came out.
/////Season 9A Episode 16 Monica and Chandler are having financial problems, specially because Chandler's internship is making them lose more money then winning. Monica gives the suggestion to ask some money to her parents, but Chandler is against because ''Bings doesn't borrow money from others''.

Monica asks $2.000 to Joey, but asks him to not tell Chandler about it.Chandler also asks Joey some money, and he discovers that Joey gave Monica the same amount of money that he asked. Joey doesn't want to tell Chandler the real reason why Monica took money with him, so he tells that Monica is going to make a boob job.

Mike loves to stay in Phoebe's house and hates to come back to his apartment. Phoebe also love his presence, so Mike give the idea of they live together. Phoebe accepts it and tells the Friends about the news. When Monica makes a joke about the fact they can marry in the future, Mike tells Phoebe that he never wants to marry again. Phoebe stays disappointed and thinks if Mike will be the best choice for her.
/////Season 9A Episode 16 I think Joey is the funniest character in this episode. The whole story with borrowing money was just too funny. Especially how he came up with the great idea of a boob job. This led to a very funny scene of misunderstanding where Monica says that her ass is also going be bigger and it is kind of a "package deal" because she thinks he speaks about body changes during the pregnancy

Joey was also very funny in the apartment baby proofing story. When he tries to open everything in the house, can't and realizes that he can't "do anything he likes" anymore was very funny

Phoebe just upsets me. Why, why? I don't buy the whole "it is my turn to be normal" story. Why is regular stuff the right thing to do. It isn't, it is just more accepted, but it was great when they had a character that was more of an individual than a society sheep. I guess living near the desperate for marriage person like Monica made Phoebe become a tool as well, somebody to whom a social status of marriage on paper is more important than living with a guy she presumably "loves"
/////Season 9A Episode 16 This is a bit of a daft episode at times, and one that relies heavily on Matt LeBlanc's Joey for its biggest laughs.

The boob job story line wasn't great, with Matthew Perry's Chandler being a bit annoying.

The Pheobe and Mike story though was wonderfully written, and tenderly acted by Lisa Kudrow and Paul Rudd. The writers did a lovely job with this relationship, and it was nice to see Phoebe maturing.

I've always found it weird why David Schwimmer's Ross was absent for the final part of the final scene of the episode though.
/////Season 9A Episode 17 The Ross story in this episode is absolutely great. I like it how him and Chandler find alumni page of their university and make silly jokes about each other. It is pretty funny how Ross wanted a memorial service for himself to see how many people cared about him. And the ending was even better, how happy he was that that girl had a crush on him that he didn't even care that he thought he is sick after all that

The Joey and Hugsy story was just too cute, I am glad he got his penguin back!

And it was also great how Monica was trying to keep Mike and Phoebe apart. As well as when his friends with the same assignment comes by
/////Season 9A Episode 17 Ross tells Chandler about the new alumni website for College,'' where they can post messages for people and let everyone know what you are up to''. He tells Chandler about the news of their ex colleagues, and when he lets his notebook alone, Chandler starts to make pranks with Ross' profile. He writes a funny message saying Ross cloned a dinosaur and that she is his lover, and Joey, upset when Ross complains with him, sends the message. Later,Ross argue with Chandler about the message, and they start competing with each other to who mocks the other the most. Chandler tells everyone that Ross is dead, and Ross tells everybody that Chandler is gay.

Joey doesn't like when he sees Emma taking his stuffed animal Hugsy, and stays jealous to lend him to her.

Phoebe is having problems to deal with the fact that she and Mike are now separated. She asks Monica to help her, because she doesn't want to fall in temptation to call him.
/////Season 9A Episode 17 This was the first episode of 'Friends' I ever watched, so I always have an extra affinity towards it.

And actually it's not a bad episode. Yes, the Chandler/Ross story is a bit morbid and a bit silly, but its not all bad. I like the fact that in the first scene where Chandler types "she is now my girlfriend" you can see that Matthew Perry is trying not to laugh.

The Joey/Rachel story line is standard sitcom stuff, but well performed, and there was also a lot to like in the third story where Monica tried to keep Phoebe and Mike apart.

A good episode.
/////Season 9A Episode 18 This episode had a great idea and many hilarious moments but it also gave me a bit of a bad feeling. I think they really exaggerated with the selfishness of all the friends (especially Chandler and Monica) and them caring more about money than their friends. I understand and love some "evil" humor, but Friends is just a show where it doesn't fit. Monica saying "money" when asked what matters more didn't make me laugh at all

But other than that I loved many things about it. For once, Phoebe was finally her old self. This is the Phoebe I loved for many seasons, her message from the pigeon is hilarious. So is her excitement about winning $3!

Joey was a sweetheart. Unlike Chandler and Monica he cared more about his friends than cash. This is seen when he wishes for chandler to get a job and not to win lottery in the bone game. Which by the way was a great scene. Phoebe saying how vegetarians still may love to play with carcasses and Joey's little argument with Monica

And at last, Emma's first word was also a great story. It was a pretty funny scene and a good idea
/////Season 9A Episode 18 Monica lends her Porsche to Joey, since he wants to go to the Lottery. The Powerball has a prize of 300 million and Monica gets excited about the idea of buying some tickets. Rachel gives the idea of they all spent 50 dollars each in buying tickets, and if one of them win, they split the prize.

Ross is the only one who doesn't want to participate, since he doesn't believe in lotteries and think he is going to waste his money, but Monica pays for him, since she wants him to participate as well.

Everybody is anxious and with hope. Phoebe goes to a psychic and Monica brings a wishbone to give them more luck. When they discover that Monica bought more tickets and didn't tell them, a big discussion starts.

Meanwhile, Chandler is waiting to see if he is going to take a job in the agency he did his internship, but every time someone calls him, is to tell that other person got the chance.
/////Season 9A Episode 18 I think this episode have great humour content as well as moral content. Some scenes are just emotionally touching. As to say Phoebe scores more than others.
/////Season 9A Episode 18 A thin episode in terms of plots, this episode shows how money (or the prospect of winning money) changes the friends.

This was a very standard sitcom premise, and it felt a bit beneath a show of the quality of 'Friends'.

The Chandler story line was the best of the episode, with Matthew Perry on top form. I also loved the sweet moment between him and Matt LeBlanc's Joey at the end.

Other than that this wasn't that great an episode.
/////Season 9A Episode 19 Joey is anxious with his performance in Days of Our Lives. He is going to have a big romance in the Soap Opera and wants to sound convincing. He invites Rachel to watch his performance in the set,since he wants to know her opinion about him. In the set, Rachel stays enchanted by Joey's acting, and she even has romantic dreams with him. Eventually, she starts to desire Joey in real life too.

Chandler wants to go with Monica to a romantic inn in Vermont, but she doesn't have any time available since she is working a lot in the restaurant. He tries to reschedule his reservation, but has the terrible surprise that the reservation is non refundable. Monica gives him the idea of bringing Ross. In the Inn, Ross is addicted to eat candies and also very excited. Chandler has other terrible surprise: there isn't any reservations in his name and he lost the money with the room he reserved. Ross gives Chandler an idea to have his money back: take a lot of stuff from the Hotel.

Monica receives a complaining about the singer who stays out of the restaurant. When she reaches there, she sees Phoebe singing close to the restaurant's door. She tries to convince Phoebe to stop singing, but every time Monica makes a suggestion, Phoebe comes with something even more terrible. They end up fighting because Phoebe stays offended with Monica's way to talk to her.
/////Season 9A Episode 19 I liked Ross and Chandler's road trip. It was pretty fun to see Ross being all "high" on the maple candy and also the idea they had to get what the hotel owed them. They even got tampons ordered to their room, so Monica got some gifts

The whole battle between Monica and Phoebe was pretty funny as well. Once again I am happy to see the old Phoebe back. And the whole poll taking was very funny just as them apologizing at the end was very sweet.

The story of Rachel starting having feelings for Joey just made me think "oh no....". And the whole scene wasn't very fun
/////Season 9A Episode 19 The 'Joey loves Rachel' story line in the 8th series of 'Friends' took the show dangerously towards 'jump the shark' territory, but due to a combination of god writing/some wonderful performances from Matt Le Blanc, crisis was averted.

However revisiting that story line, only with Rachel this time liking Joey, as this episode sets up is risky.

The other stories in this episode are OK, nothing overly special. I thought David Schwimmer was very funny in his story with Chandler. The Phoebe/Monica story wasn't as good though.

I think the writers were on risky ground revisiting the Joey/Rachel story line, but apart from that this is another good episode.
/////Season 9A Episode 20 Joey offers to all friends tickets to a play. He tells them that he cannot go because he needs to wake up really early in the next day to go to work, but they can invite anyone they want.

Rachel still wants to kiss Joey and she tells Monica about it. Monica says that she should not continue with this idea, since Joey is Rachel's friend and they can lose their friendship.

Ross is annoyed. He needs to show the university campus for 2 new professors. When he sees that professor Wheeler is in fact a beautiful and young woman, he gets excited and tries everything to stay alone with her.

Rachel discovers by the answering machine that Joey is going to have a party for people from ''DAYS OF OUR LIVES', and she discuss with him about it. Joey tells that he does this parties every year, but he hates to see the Friends behaving like idiots close to famous people, so that's why he doesn't invite them. In the end, Rachel tells all the Friends about the party and they all (with Chandler's exception)go there, even Charlie Wheeler.

In the party, Ross discovers that Charlie only dated genius and Nobel winners, what makes him think that he is too ordinary for her.
/////Season 9A Episode 20 This is one of the best episodes from all the series. The spirit of Friends is entirely there. Love for NYC, a party like 90's, rooftop, entertainment culture, rooftop, entertainment culture and art on theater. The screenplay was so well written. And You can remember the fresh air from the first and second Seasons. This episode is a symbol what Friends trully is!
/////Season 9A Episode 20 In this episode we get introduced to a new character, Charlie. She is the hot professor that will now be working with Ross. It is pretty interesting how they introduce her as someone who only dated Nobel price winners and how the episode ended

A great scene I should mention is Joey being told to take off his robe because he got caught lying and there is nothing under it. So funny, and great facial expression by Matt LeBlanc, he looks as if it is not a big deal and introduces himself to Charlie after

Chandler has some good small story in this episode as well. he looks very funny alone in this theater and he gets a great revenge on Phoebe and Monica
/////Season 9A Episode 20 Although it feels risky revisiting the 'Joey and Rachel love story' plot, as well as feeling a bit of a rehash of what was covered in series 8, the main reason it works is down to the genuine performances of Jennifer Aniston and Matt Le Blanc.

I thought Phoebe and Chandler were underused here, but it was nice to see another side of Monica the soap opera party.

Aisha Tyler was introduced as Charlie Wheeler too, and her character will keep Ross busy as we move towards the end of series 9.
/////Season 9A Episode 21 This is another decent if not spectacular episode of the show that is winding down towards its series finale.

We get the almost now token once a series appearance of Janice, as ever played with aplomb by Maggie Wheeler in the Chandler/Monica story line that sees the couple at a fertility clinic. Matthew Perry and Courtney Cox have played this story line out beautifully, and this continues here.

There were some nice moments in the Ross/Joey story as Ross tries to help Joey with his relationship with Charlie, even though he'd like to be with her himself.

The Phoebe/Rachel story line was a bit throw away but is funny enough.

This is a decent episode, and one that thankfully doesn't lean too heavily on the 'Rachel/Joey' love story.
/////Season 9A Episode 21 Ross is angry that Joey kissed Charlie, since he was interested in her. Rachel didn't like it too, since she was determined to kiss Joey. Ross thinks that Joey and Charlie doesn't have anything in common,specially because she is such an intelligent professor and Joey is so stupid.

Charlie wants to visit a lot of places in the city, but Joey doesn't know very well the places she wants to go. He asks Ross to help him, since he doesn't want to look stupid to her. Even being angry with the situation, Ross tries to help Joey,specially giving tips about the museum art.

Rachel wins a gift certificate to a new spa in SoHo, but Monica tells her that Phoebe hates those corporate massage chains. Phoebe sees the certificate and asks Rachel not to go to that place, since those kind of big massage chains are the ones responsible for her unemployment. Rachel goes to the Spa in secret, and when she is there, she discovers that her massage therapist is Phoebe.

Monica and Chandler go to a fertility clinic to make fertility tests,since they were trying to have a baby for over a year. Chandler doesn't feel comfortable in this kind of place, and feels even worst when they meet Janice there.
/////Season 9A Episode 21 Not a very funny episode. The one great thing is that we get another random visit from Janice, right in the fertility clinic. And once again she makes a character being worried

Phoebe is being a hypocrite. And I find the scene of her massaging Rachel pretending to be a Swedish person with a normal Swedish name, Ikea pretty well done. The girl at the reception desk is also funny with her weird way of talking

And Joey sees that he is too stupid for Charlie. Yeah...I would say him and Charlie are even a worse couple than him and Rachel. I wonder if this story was created so that people suddenly believe that him and Rachel are great together
/////Season 9A Episode 21 I don't like Joey- Charlie. Probably they make it just because there wants to be more episodes. Also still with the same reason we see Janice everywhere. It makes me bored.
/////Season 9A Episode 22 Charlie is terrible buying clothes, so Joey asks Rachel to help Charlie, since Rachel is great with Fashion and works with that. Rachel is not very excited about the idea, but Phoebe comes along with her. Phoebe needs new clothes to go to a party that Mike's sister invited her, because she wants to look incredible to Mike.

Rachel is avoiding Charlie's company to go out, and Phoebe asks her why she doesn't like Charlie. Rachel says that she likes Joey to Phoebe when they are in changing room, but Charlie was very close to them in the next changing room, to Rachel's despair.

Monica and Chandler hardly will have success in conceiving children naturally, because her uterus has an inhospitable environment and Chandler's sperm has low mobility. Their options are to adopt a kid or go after a sperm donor. Chandler brings a workmate to dinner in the next day, because he thinks Zack would be a great choice in case they choose for a donor.

Ross has chances to be a keynote speaker at the National Paleontology Conference. He needs to impress Professor Sherman, who is the person who is going to decide it, but Ross stays in a terrible situation when Sherman sleeps during his speech.
/////Season 9A Episode 22 Despite the low rate here, I do not think this is a bad episode. John Stamos, what a Man! It's unbelievable He still is a gorgeus young man like in Full house nowadays.
/////Season 9A Episode 22 In this episode Rachel is being just as annoying as always when someone she likes is dating someone else. Now her dislike is directed to Charlie. And there is a fun spin on it when Charlie overhears Rachel and Phoebe talk about it, only she believes that it is Phoebe who likes Joey.

Monica and Chandler are thinking of getting a sperm donor and Chandler brings his co worker (John Stamos) so they can see if he is fitting. This was a pretty fun story

And what I liked the most was Ross trying to be the keynote speaker of a paleontology conference. Especially when he ends up sitting on the lap of that guy
/////Season 9A Episode 22 All credit goes to Chandler and Monica and Joey for saving this episode. Most funny scene is Chandler's conversation with doctor in clinic, that's just show that Chandler is the best kid adult character 😁
/////Season 9A Episode 22 I didn't like this episode that much if I'm honest.

I thought the Chandler/Monica story line was weak, and that the guest star (John Stamos) drew the short straw being a part of it.

The Ross story line was dull, and only served as a reason to get the characters to Barbados for the series finale.

The Rachel/Joey love story is a questionable route to take to say the least, but would Charlie really not be able to distinguish between Rachel and Phoebe's voices in the changing room? The only bright spark was the Phoebe scene with David (Hank Azaria) at the end.
/////Season 9A Episode 22 Season 9 is definitely the worst season. And it shows in how much episodes of it are boring or unenjoyable. The One with the Donor is one of the weakest episodes of the entire series
/////Season 9A Episode 23 Everybody is going to a conference to Barbados to hear Ross' speech, including Charlie and David (the scientist) who is going with Phoebe. Ross stays excited when he reaches the place and he also has a fan there who loves his work.

Phoebe still likes Mike and calls David ''Mike'' by accident. David talks to Chandler and asks him what he can do to make Phoebe forget Mike. Chandler is terrible with advises, and what he says to David makes David think that the best thing to do is to propose to Phoebe. Monica stays desperate when Chandler tells her David's idea, and she calls Mike, who in the end,proposes to Phoebe,saying how much he always loved her.

Charlie spends most time in Barbados with Ross, helping him in the conference and also reading his speech. Because of that, Joey and Rachel spend most of their time with each other, what makes Rachel stays wanting Joey even more.
/////Season 9A Episode 23 After a weaker previous episode the series 9 finale of 'Friends' kicks up a notch, as the cast go to Barbados to hear Ross give the key note speech.

There's lot of funny moments here - from David asking for advice from Chandler, to Joey trying to help Ross with his speech.

The Phoebe and Mike story line has been played out so nicely across this series, and there are more twists and turns in that here.

Of course we are building towards the climax of the 9th series, so all the couples that go to Barbados may not be together by the end...
/////Season 9A Episode 23 This is not a very funny episode. But it had a few good moments

One would be Chandler deleting Ross's speech because he opened an email that has nude pictures of Anna Kournikova. Was pretty fun how Joey tried to help him by teaching him a monologue from Star Wars. And while working on the speech Charlie and Ross got closer together so we know there will be something happening soon

David asking Chandler for an advice about Phoebe was funny as well especially since Chandler was making jokes instead. I just wish someone would shut up that nasty wench Monica. So she has to get herself into someone elses business and ruin everything with her call to Mike. I absolutely hate her
/////Season 9A Episode 24 The Joey/Rachel love story will divide fans until the end of time, and while I was not a fan of the writers revisiting it in the 9th/10th series, the saving grace is that it is well performed by Jennifer Aniston and Matt Le Blanc in a way that sort of makes it believable.

The Chandler/Monica/Phoebe/Mike story line is dull, and Monica is at her competitive worst.

We leave of course on a cliff-hanger, as 'Friends' would move towards its final series.
/////Season 9A Episode 24 The final episode of the strangest season of Friends, things really changed this season, which was supposed to be the last, but in the end everything changed, but even so, this season felt very strange, and it is perhaps the Most forgettable season of the series, had good episodes, such as the first or the lottery, but this season was a downturn of the previous season that was almost perfect, and we can not forget the Renaissance of Rachel and Joey's Romance, this time from Rachel's perspective, I didn't like it, unlike last season, where it was from Joey's perspective, and it was so cute and I loved it
/////Season 9A Episode 24 Ross' speech is a success.

Rachel and Monica want to go to the beach, but when the conference ends, the rain starts.

Monica and Mike start a ping-pong competition to see who is the best. Both of them play really well, so it will take a good time for the match to be ended.

Charlie and Joey end their relationship, because they realize they have different goals and tastes.

Rachel tells Joey that she likes him. Joey stays shocked with the news, but he prefers to talk with Ross before doing anything. When he finally sees Ross, he is kissing Charlie, so Joey decides to kiss Rachel too.
/////Season 9A Episode 24 In this episode we again have this ridiculous scenario where two men come running, changing their world views and beliefs for a woman who couldn't do that for them and for whom a marriage certificate was more important than a relationship with that man. I guess it is directed to the pathetic part of the audience: women desperate for marriage. So that they see this "fairy tale" and can dream about this happening to them as well.

Not only that, it was such a fail to not let Phoebe end up with David! So the nice, good hearted smart guy ends up like a total loser.

Actually so does Mike. Phoebe telling him that she just wanted to know that their relationship had future was absolutely pathetic. So living happily together isn't a future, signing a piece of paper together is And Monica makes me hate her even more in this episode. She should have just shut up and let David end up with Phoebe, he was the right one for her. Although he was right for the previous Phoebe, the sweet fun one, not the desperate for marriage stuck up one

Other than that the episode had a good part as well. I liked to see Ross and Charlie running away from other paleontologists and it has a great scene at the end when Joey sees Ross and Charlie kiss and goes to Rachel's room. Not that I think that they would fit well together, but the scene was well done
/////Season 10 Episode 1A Well, we're hear. The last Season Premiere of Friends. It's kind of sad, because it is the beginning of the end. I don't want it to end. Even though I didn't start watching it until 2006, and it had already ended. But still.

In this episode, we pick up where the Season 9 Finale ended. Rachel and Joey's kiss. Now, a lot of people probably wanted this to happen. A lot probably didn't. Some where fans of Rachel and Joey and some were fans of Rachel and Ross. I was a Rachel and Joey fan, so I was happy to see this finally happen. But, then, it got awkward. Monica, Chandler and Phoebe finally find out what they were hearing behind their hotel wall. It was Ross and Charlie kissing. And it was Rachel and Joey kissing. Jeez, I've typed Rachel and Joey at least three times by now. Phoebe is listening to Ross and Charlie, and Monica and Chandler are listening to Joey and Rachel. There's a fourth time. Both Ross and Rachel decide to hold off on anything further happening, so they can talk to each other, out of respect. On the plane ride home, Ross tells Joey about him and Charlie, but Joey doesn't tell Ross about him and Rachel. But, back in New York, Ross walks in on Rachel and Joey kissing.

Overall, I give this episode an 8 out of 10.
/////Season 10 Episode 1A Monica, Phoebe and Chandler are in Monica's and Chandler's room, and they listen to Ross and Charlie kissing in Ross' room, while Rachel and Joey kiss in Rachel's room. The trio is shocked with these sudden change of relationships and they try to listen everything they say through the walls.

Ross says to Charlie that he needs to talk to Joey before he does anything with her and Charlie understands him. (Joey and Rachel also decide to talk to Ross before anything happens with them).

Monica goes to a beauty parlor to fix her hair, but she gets out from there with her hair even more messy, full of selfish, what makes Chandler stays petrified. (He hated Monica's new hair)

Phoebe talks to Mike about staying in his house when they arrive in New York, but Mike says that he has a date with his girlfriend. Phoebe is very surprised to see that Mike is dating, but he says that he is going to end his relationship with ''Precious'' as soon as he can.

Ps: The jokes with Monica's hair are the best!
/////Season 10 Episode 1A This episode marks the start of the final series of 'Friends' and gets things underway in style.

I loved all the listening through the walls at the start of the episode, and also the scene on the plane.

Matt LeBlanc and Jennifer Aniston still somehow make the Joey/Rachel love story seem believable, even though as viewers we secretly still hope that Ross and Rachel will reunite.

The Monica/Chandler and Phoebe/Mike story lines had their moment, but the main focus of this episode is the Joey/Rachel story.
/////Season 10 Episode 1A A great beginning of a new season. I absolutely love the scene where Phoebe, Chandler and Monica listen to the couples through the wall. Especially when Monica realizes that Ross is her brother. Or when Ross comes into their room and they pretend to be hugging hotel good bye, which Ross then does as well!

It is also great how Ross knocks on Rachel's door and Joey tries to act non chalant. As well as when the other three pull him over through the door

It is also funny how Rachel believes that Joey told it to Ross when she talks to him on the plane

The whole idea of Mike having a girlfriend and Phoebe at the end breaking up with her was pretty good as well

The story with Monica's hair shows once again how bland as a group they are and that they disapprove of every small look change that isn't considered to be a norm. But this time it is done in a funny way

And we get a very dramatic episode ending. So all in all the episode is full of original and funny jokes
/////Season 10 Episode 2A David Schwimmer's finest performance, and not just comedically. He is excellent in the final scene with Joey too.
/////Season 10 Episode 2A This is a great episode. David Schwimmer makes a brilliant performance as Ross. It was very funny and yet I was really feeling for him. It has also so many funny moments, how he doesn't use oven mitts, how he keeps on saying that he is fine and also imagining him taking his clothes off while dancing to the soundtrack of Chicago was pretty great!

And the scene between him and Joey at the end was very sweet

The whole story of Monica and Chandler exploring the adoption was pretty funny. I liked how Chandler told the kid that he was adopted and that there is no Santa. And after all that he managed to tell the triplets that their aunt gave birth to them!
/////Season 10 Episode 2A Literally one of THE BEST episodes! I quote Ross's "I'm fine" line all the time. Drunk Ross is amazing. "MY FAJITAS!" No one likes Joey and Rachel together of course but this episode somehow makes it work. The only thing that bothers me are the parents who didn't tell their kids he's adopted 🙄 I know they're fic characters but ugh.
/////Season 10 Episode 2A Ross sees Rachel and Joey kissing each other and immediately freezes,while they both try to explain themselves to him. After recovering his senses, Ross stays angry with the situation, but he acts as if he was totally happy with it, inviting Joey and Rachel to have dinner with him and Charlie. (Ross acts in a very bizarre way)

Phoebe receives Frank Jr, her brother, in Central Perk. He tells her that he is working a lot and almost doesn't have time available, since his kids make him occupied the whole day. He also tells Phoebe that sometimes he wishes to have 2 kids instead of 3, and he asks her if she wants to take one to take care.

Monica and Chandler are trying to adopt a kid, but they are full of doubts about the different ways to adopt. Phoebe tells them to talk to Bill and Colleen, their friends who adopted a boy named Owen. Once they arrive in Bill's and Colleen's house, Chandler ruins everything telling Owen that he is adopted. (Owen didn't know!)
/////Season 10 Episode 2A This episode features a fantastic performance from David Schwimmer as Ross, and he completely steals the show here, as Ross has a mini breakdown over the fact that Rachel and Joey are dating. Jennifer Aniston and Matt LeBlanc are merely passengers as Schwimmer is on such amazing form.

Yes, there are other stories here, but they're largely forgettable. Although it was nice to see Giovanni Ribsi back as Frank Jr the story didn't really go anywhere, and the Monica/Chandler story wasn't that special either.

Another good episode overall though.
/////Season 10 Episode 2A I like this episode. Not the Ross and Rachel parts, but the Frank Jr. and Phoebe parts.

In this episode, Ross has a dinner party with Charlie, Rachel and Joey. it's awkward and he gets drunk. Smart movie, dumb ass. Meanwhile, Frank Jr. visits Phoebe and asks her to take one of his triplets. But he can't decide which one. So of course, he decides to keep them all. He was just tired and strung out. Also, Chandler and Monica visit one of Phoebe's friends, who had adopted a child. And since the kid looks like he's twelve, Chandler assumes he knew he was adopted, and blurts it out. The kid gets very upset and they are asked to leave. Come on, guys. It's not his fault. Tell your kid the truth.

Overall, I give this episode a 7 out of 10.
/////Season 10 Episode 3A This episode is one of my personal favourites. Basically, it starts off with Ross admiring Monicas tan while sitting in Central Perk. He is astounded to find out it is a spray-on tan from a tanning booth. Ross decides he wants one. He goes to the tanning booth and goes in the cubicle thing and attempts to follow the instructions that were given to him. 1. Step inside. 2. When the light comes on close your eyes. 3. when the spray stops, count to 5, then turn around to tan your back. Only Ross cant seem to get it right. When he counts to 5, the spraying has already started before he can finish. So when he comes back, the front of him is brown and his back is white. Meanwhile Monica and Phoebes old friend comes back from England and decides to visit them. They do their best to avoid her, until she phones and Chandler picks up. Not realising that Monica and Phoebe don't want to see her, he arranges for her to visit. When she arrives, she speaks in an annoyingly false English accent, and causes a row between Phoebe and Monica.

Favourite part of the episode: Monica and Phoebe walk on on Amanda showing Chandler her "dance". She is doing a very bad can-can thing and says," Can you believe it! I've never even had professional dance lessons!" Chandler is looking appalled. Hilarious.
/////Season 10 Episode 3A I really do love this episode. I don't like how much of it centers around Ross, but I love that it does make him look like a total idiot.

In this episode, Joey and Rachel decide they're ready to have sex, but once they start kissing, Rachel keeps slapping him. Which is really weird. She doesn't know why and that can be really awkward unless he was into that sort of thing. But I don't think that even Joey would be that kind of guy. Meanwhile, Ross decides to get a spray-on tan, but when in the machine, instead of counting, 1, 2, 3 and turning around, he counts 1 Mississippi, 2 Mississippi, and gets strayed twice on his front half of his body. He's so stupid. Then when he goes to get the same terrible tan on the other side of his body, he faces the wrong way, so he gets another two coats on his front side. It's hilarious.

Overall, I give this episode a 10 out of 10.
/////Season 10 Episode 3A Great episode! Ross and his tan is an awesome story! He is so funny through all of it. I like both how he messes up with the turning and also how he looks with all this tan on his face (and without any on the back). The end where Chandler takes a picture is also very funny it

I also liked the story about Amanda. She is so annoying and arrogant that it is hilarious! It is one of those characters that would be horrible on a long run but brilliant for one episode. Her dancing to Chandler was an awesome scene, and what is also pretty hilarious is when he comes into Joey and Rachel's place and says that Amanda is a bitch but she sure can dance

Joey and Rachel's attempts to sleep with each other were very funny as well. Especially when Rachel slaps him or he tries to open her bra. The good thing is that we know that they won't be together and it was done in a pretty good way
/////Season 10 Episode 3A It is going to be Joey's and Rachel's first night. Joey is confident and Chandler asks Joey how he can be always so confident. Joey tells Chandler that he knows exactly what to do, and shows some of his techniques to conquer his women. Unfortunately for Joey, he and Rachel had a terrible date, since Rachel doesn't feel comfortable with Joey and sees him too much as a friend.

Monica has a cool tan and Ross is curious to know how she got that nice tan. Chandler tells Ross that Monica went to one of those spray-on-tan places, and Ross decides to do the same. Monica gives Ross the card of the place she went, but Ross, with his Mississippi counting, ruins his tan, having some parts of his body full of spray and others with nothing.

Phoebe and Monica don't want to see Amanda, an ex colleague that lived in the building that has a very fake British accent/annoying attitudes. Phoebe tells Monica about cutting Amanda out of their lives, but Monica thinks this is very harsh. Later, Monica is going to discover that Phoebe already though about cutting her of her life too, and that will make Monica stays upset with Phoebe.
/////Season 10 Episode 3A Whether it was due to fan backlash or just the writers wanting to move the show towards an inevitable Ross/Rachel reconciliation, the Joey/Rachel love story is brought to a sweet conclusion in this episode.

Although I was wary of the show revisiting the plot in series 9/10 it has been well performed by Jennifer Aniston and Matt LeBlanc, and reaches a sweet conclusion as they realise that they're better friends than lovers.

Elsewhere David Schwimmer is on top form again as his character tries to get a tan, and there's fun to be had in the 3rd story involving Phoebe/Monica and guest star Jennifer Coolidge, who a year later would pop up in a different role in the spin-off 'Joey'.

A strong episode, with 3 good story lines going on.
/////Season 10 Episode 4A Really not a fan of this episode. Rachel drives me absolutely crazy. She planned a birthday for her daughter, didn't tell anyone about it, and then got mad when they made plans. And she's so obsessed with "having the party on Emmas birthday." I understand Monica and Chandler should have considered Emma's birthday when making their plans, and maybe ask Rachel if/when she was planning on having a party. But the fact that they planned a party without telling anyone, and then actually had the nerve to get mad at Monica and Chandler for making plans was ridiculous. And it was annoying that Rachel didn't even check the cake before she left the bakery, and then she made them stay there while she drove two hours to New Jersey to replace the cake. And it was stupid that Ross said she would be back any minute with the cake, when she was still on her way to New Jersey. Rachel didn't care about anything that was going on in her friends' lives. All she cared about was having the perfect party for her one-year-old daughter, who wouldn't even remember this, no matter how much it screwed up everyone else's plans. This party was more for her than it was for Emma, which I understand. But she was so paranoid that an imperfect birthday party was going to ruin Emma's life. And I hate that she acted as if Emma was everyone's daughter. Yes, they are her best friends, and two of them are Emma's aunt and uncle. But she can't honestly expect them to put Emma first in their lives the way she does. She's not their daughter. They have other things going on, and if she's planning something for her daughter, she needs to tell them in advance so they don't make other plans. I really hate how crazy and overprotective of a mother they make Rachel. Also, I'm not sure why Phoebe is still taking massage clients when she works at a corporate massage chain. I figured that would be against their policy.

Overall, this episode shows how tunnel vision Rachel gets when it comes to Emma, and it is very frustrating.
/////Season 10 Episode 4A It's the 5th time I'm watching this episode, and frankly, I realize I can't get enough of it.

The laughs start from the moment the Geller parents arrive. They start off with the story of how Ross pulled on his testicles so hard out of jealousy at Monica's first birthday, and the penis shaped cake, and Phoebe's book reading. Actually the funniest part is when Joey is trying to stop people from leaving the party, from Joey and Phoebe following Chandler to the bathroom, and the showdown of the toys.

Some of the memorable lines:

Chandler: There's this thing I really want us to do I read in Maxim.

Monica : What are you barking at?

Chandler: They left!

Judy : I remember your first birthday, Ross was jealous of all the attention you were getting, he pulled on his testicles so hard,we had to take him to the emergency room!

Jack : I know what you're thinking Judy, the resemblance is uncanny!

Ross : I am this close to tugging on my testicles again!

Ross : What if we cut the baby's face off the penis, and move it on the bunny. Okay that's a weird sentence!

Monica : Another way to organize your toys is by size.

Chandler: Did I just impart wisdom?

Phoebe : RUN YOU HAIRY BASTARD!

Other notable funny episodes include "The One With Ross's Grant" and "The One Where They Stay Up All Night"
/////Season 10 Episode 4A And another fun episode. It is Emma's first birthday! It is kind of sad how nobody besides Rachel thought of it as a big deal. Why would Phoebe have massage clients that day or Chandler and Monica a trip planned? Wouldn't people take a day off for something as special as the first birthday of their best friend's kid?

But this weird detail brought some fun in the episode! It was funny how Joey tried to keep them all in the apartment and yet wanted to leave for his audition. And how they had a contest of robotic toys race!

I also liked Phoebe's song and how she also tried to do dramatic reading since Joey's was so successful!

Ross trying to make the video and all the things his parents and friends were saying for Emma was awesome as well
/////Season 10 Episode 4A Chandler made a reservation for him and Monica in a inn in Vermont for the weekend. Ross and Rachel doesn't want them to travel, since they are having a party for Emma's first birthday and they want Emma's uncles to be presented. Monica and Chandler are not very happy with the situation, but are persuaded by Ross and Rachel to travel after the party. At the party, all the Friends are present, and Ross ' parents too.

Ross tries to record a cool birthday video to give Emma when she is 18, but everything that is recorded is terrible, like Ross' parents declarations saying that they will be dead when Emma sees the video or Monica's and Chandler's, saying that they are probably going to be divorced since they couldn't travel because of Emma's birthday.

Phoebe prepared a performance to do in Emma's birthday, and since Joey didn't buy a present for her, he decides to do the same. Phoebe made a song and Joey did a dramatic reading of one of Emma's books. To make Phoebe sad, everybody enjoyed more Joey's reading then Phoebe's song. The party becomes a tragedy when the cake, who was supposed to be a bunny, is in shape of a penis, and Emma, who stays napping most of the episode, makes everybody anxious waiting for her to wake up.
/////Season 10 Episode 4A I love this episode. It's hilarious. I like that it takes place in one night, in pretty much one room.

In this episode, it's Emma's first birthday, and Rachel is so excited. Why wouldn't she be? Emma's party takes place in her and Joey's apartment, and everyone's invited. Monica, Chandler, Ross, Phoebe, Joey and Ross's parents. Rachel won't let the party officially start until the birthday girl wakes up. Everyone films a video talking to future Emma, as Ross and Rachel will give her the tape on her eighteenth birthday. Rachel is so excited for the cake. It's supposed to be a bunny with Emma's face on it, but it turns out that they made the wrong cake. It's a penis with Emma's face on it. Why Rachel wouldn't check the cake before leaving the shop is beyond me, but whatever. So, Rachel and Ross have to drive back to the cake store to get a new cake. And everyone wants to leave. But since they're not allowed, they play with Emma's toys.

Fun Fact: This is a rare episode in which there are no scenes in Monica and Chandler's apartment.

Overall, I give this episode an 8 out of 10.
/////Season 10 Episode 4A This is another good episode from Series 10, though as other reviewers have said, some of the actions of the characters are a bit odd.

If Rachel wanted to make such a fuss of Emma's first Birthday, why not plan the party in advance so that the others wouldn't make plans? That aside there are some good moments in this episode, from Joey's dramatic reading to Phoebe's song.

I found Monica and Chandler a bit annoying here, but they do have a sweet scene at the end that makes up for it.

A nice episode overall.
/////Season 10 Episode 5A And we get to see Amy again. She is great in this episode. When she says that she will marry Maryel and look for Mr. Right it is absolutely hilarious. So is her idea to become a stylist for babies. To help them accessorise, look slimmer etc.

Joey's letter is awesome as well. I especially like the one where he wrote a Thessaurus to make himself sound smart so that the letter didn't even make any sense

The whole idea of Mike proposing was pretty fun, although I did find the reactions to Phoebe's proposal very sexist. So back in the days it would be possible for such a nasty comment like the announcer made? I would assume these days he would get fired
/////Season 10 Episode 5A Christina Applegate returns as Rachel's sister, Amy, in this strong episode from series 10 of 'Friends'.

While a couple of jokes were rehashed from the last time she visited (not remembering Ross/Emma's name) her story line is fun.

I loved the Joey/Chandler/Monica story, and once again Joey is the funniest character in the show.

It was lovely also to see Phoebe and Mike get engaged, and Paul Rudd has been such a great addition to the main cast. Yes, the reaction to a woman proposing was a bit dated, but other than that this was a sweet story line.

Not the best episode of series 10, but a nice one.
/////Season 10 Episode 5A Monica asks Rachel to write a letter of recommendation to the adoption agency for her and Chandler. Joey feels rejected that Monica didn't ask him to write a letter, but Monica explain that she and Chandler don't think Joey is good with words. Since Joey stays insisting, they decide to let Joey write a letter, but they are apprehensive with their choice. Joey uses the thesaurus in every word of his letter to impress Monica and Chandler with his vocabulary, but the letter ends up with no sense at all.

Phoebe is celebrating her fist Anniversary with Mike, and they go to a Knicks Game to enjoy the day. Phoebe does not approve a guy who proposed to his girlfriend on the scoreboard,saying that she finds that attitude tacky and impersonal, but she notices that after she said that, Mike runs away. She sees that he wanted to propose to her on that way, and feels like she ruined Mike's wish to propose to her, since she already said ''no'' to him in Barbados.

Amy, Rachel's sister, tells Rachel that she has plans to marry Myron, her ex boyfriend's father. The problem is that Amy only talks about Myron's possessions,showing that she totally doesn't care about him. Rachel tries to help Amy to find the right way in her life, and when Amy gives the idea to take care of Emma, Rachel thinks it is a good start. Ross is against the idea, and when Amy brings Emma with her ears pierced, Rachel and Ross stay angry with Amy and finding her irresponsible.

(Until now I don't see what is the big deal to have the ears pierced as a baby..I had mine..)
/////Season 10 Episode 5A I really think this episode is very funny. It's nice to see one of Rachel's sisters again, since I think they were both great guest roles.

In this episode, Joey writes a letter of recommendation for Chandler and Monica, for the adoption agency. After they find out that Joey wrote the letter in crayon and sent it in, they start top worry. And the adoption agency thinks a child wrote it, which could go in their favor. Meanwhile, Rachel's sister Amy, moves in with her and Joey. But then when Amy is babysitting Emma, she gets Emma's ears pierced. I personally hate this because what if that child would grow up to never want pierced ears, now she has them for life and she didn't even get a choice. Also, Phoebe keeps accidentally ruining Mike's attempts at proposing.

Special Guest Star: Christina Applegate.

Overall, I give this episode a 9 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Amazing.
/////Season 10 Episode 6A Phoebe is finally engaged to Mike. She gives Rachel her little black book, since Rachel is Phoebe's only female friend who didn't marry yet. (The little book has all the contacts of guys Phoebe already dated.) Chandler tells Joey that the agency he works is going to make a national commercial/ad and that a lot of the ideas for the commercial came from Chandler. Joey asks Chandler a chance to act in the commercial, but Chandler is against the idea, since Joey doesn't have the profile of the person they are looking for. Joey insists and gives Chandler his reel, where all his commercials are saved. Chandler lies to Joey that he saw the tape, but Joey notices he didn't see the tape,staying upset with him.

Ross is happy that he is the finalist for a huge research grant, that will give him the opportunity to complete his field research and it will have an article about him in Paleontoly Review. The problem is that Benjamin Hobart, Charlie ex boyfriend, is administering this grant and he wants Ross to break up with Charlie to get the grant.

Phoebe is trying to save some space in her apartment, and Mike wants her to get rid of Gladys, a horrible portrait she did. Phoebe decides to give the portrait to Monica, who tries to get rid of it in all ways she can.
/////Season 10 Episode 6A I thought the Monica/Rachel/Phoebe story was a bit rubbish, but apart from that this is a fun episode of the show.

The story with Ross's grant was nice, with a fun guest appearance from Greg Kinnear. Sadly though it also spells the end of Aisha Tyler's time on the show, as the writers were clearly trying to get Ross and Rachel to both be single what with the end of the series in sight.

It was lovely also to see a return to the old days in the sense that there was a Joey/Chandler story. The lipstick for men commercial was very funny.

Apart from the rather weak story this was a good episode.
/////Season 10 Episode 6A Laughing out loud about the scary paintings! hahaha
/////Season 10 Episode 6A I really like the part of the episode in which Joey asks Chandler to look at his video and he doesn't and lies to Joey about it. Pretty bad from Chandler but luckily Joey figures it out. And the reason he knew it is this great commercial of lipstick for man that Joey filmed for Japan! It was also awesome when Chandler was made to put it on

Pretty good is also the story of Ross who tries to get his grant from Charlie's ex. Very funny especially at the end when they end up going back together. David Schwimmer looks very funny in it

And the picture of Phoebe that Monica and Rachel are fighting about...yeah, I would be scared to have it in my house too, so I don't blame Joey!
/////Season 10 Episode 6A 1-Phoebe is crazy

2-Monica is insane

3-Rachel is stupid
/////Season 10 Episode 7A Phoebe and Mike are doing their wedding plans, but they are shocked how expensive everything is. Phoebe thinks it's a lot of money to spent in just one day, and Mike doesn't need a big wedding, since he already been married before. They have the idea to give all the money to charity and marry in the city Hall. When they make the donation and go away, Phoebe stays in doubt about their act, specially because Monica stays shocked with her decision and tells her how special is the wedding day.

Monica is cleaning the apartment because the adoption social worker is coming. She has a big decision power, so everything needs to be perfect. Later,Monica and Chandler discover that Laura, the social worker, already slept with Joey and she still is angry with him, so they try to avoid Joey and don't allow him to enter in the apartment.

Ross is going to take Emma to the playground, but Rachel doesn't want her there because she had a traumatic swing ''incident''. Ross tells Rachel that Emma loves the swings, and convince her to go with them to the playground to see that there isn't anything wrong there.
/////Season 10 Episode 7A I love this episode. It's so funny and entertaining.

In this episode, Phoebe and Mike continuously change their mind about their wedding. Deciding to have a small wedding and donate the money to charity, then taking the money back for a big wedding, over and over. Meanwhile, Ross makes Rachel face her fear of swing sets, and Monica and Chandler get a home visit from their adoption interviewer, only to find out that Joey hooked up with her years before. That is just so typical of Joey, isn't it?

Overall, I give this episode an 8 out of 10, which in my ratings book is: Awesome.
/////Season 10 Episode 7A This is a fun episode of the show that seems to be invigorated by the fact that its in its last year.

The adoption worker story line with Monica/Chandler/Joey was pretty funny, with Matt LeBlanc again stealing the scenes he's in. I loved it when he said "I didn't care for that" when Chandler bundled him under the couch.

The other two story lines are a bit more throwaway, with the Phoebe/Mike one being a bit annoying as they are indecisive about what to do with their wedding money, and the Rachel/Ross story proving nothing other than that David Schwimmer is good at physical comedy. They are still entertaining though, with the cast on good form.

It's a lovely episode though, with some great moments.
/////Season 10 Episode 7A A very funny story with the social worker. I like how Joey tries to get in while Chandler tries to not let the woman know that it is Joey. And I also love how Joey pretends like it was her that never called him. His "Do you know how many women I had to sleep with to get over you?" was an absolutely brilliant line!

The story of Mike and Phoebe isn't so bad either. It is just sad to see Phoebe like that, she sure got influenced by Monica to be selfish and care about her wedding day more than the kids. Phoebe in the past would have never done that. but it did end up in a pretty funny story, especially since their donation was even rejected at the end
/////Season 10 Episode 8A It's the chemistry between the characters, the way Joey acts, the interaction between him and Ross, it's all these little things that make you laugh endlessly. Loved it.
/////Season 10 Episode 8A If ever there was a classic episode from series 10 then this is probably it.

I loved the scene where Ross/Joey/Rachel/Phoebe were like floating heads peaking out from behind the door, that was great.

Yes, the friends aren't always that nice or considerate to each other at times within this episode, but isn't that realistic of life? There were some great lines and moments throughout this Thanksgiving themed episode.
/////Season 10 Episode 8A Monica and Chandler don't want to make the Thanks Giving dinner, since they are stressed with all the adoption process. All Friends are against this idea and they convince Monica to make the dinner. (Phoebe's way to convince is the best, telling Monica to compete with herself!LoL) Monica asks Phoebe and Rachel to buy the pies for the dessert but they get distracted with Phoebe's idea of taking Emma to a baby pageant.

Chandler helps Monica in the kitchen making the cranberry sauce, while she makes the dinner. Joey invites Chandler to go with him and Ross to the Rangers game, since he has 3 tickets with great seats. Chandler is excited to go, but he notices that the game will end too late and it is not fair to Monica, who didn't want to host in the first place. Chandler asks Ross and Joey to not go, but they end up going to the game.

Everybody arrives late in Monica's house, making Monica and Chandler mad with the situation. She doesn't want the Friends to go into her house, so she locks the door. The Friends try to argue with Monica, but she is too angry with the situation.

Ps: In this episode, Monica and Chandler have the wonderful new that a pregnant woman from Ohio picked them to be the parents of her kid.
/////Season 10 Episode 8A I don't like this episode. Which is sad because so far Thanksgiving episodes seemed to be some of the best This episode gives one a feeling of sadness. Monica doesn't want to host the event. She always was crazy about it! So now it makes one feel as if they are becoming boring old farts who don't even want to do things that made them very happy in the past

It seems that spending time with their friends isn't important to them anymore. So they are growing old, boring and not caring about people who were the closest to them. This is what this episode shows us.

And they are seriously making this dinner at 4pm? My grandma would say that it is too early. As well as people coming less than an hour later to this shouldn't be such a big deal as Monica made it. They should not apologize to her.

The only good part was the baby beauty contest. Now that was pretty funny. The things that Phoebe was saying were so bad and so hilarious because of it!
/////Season 10 Episode 9A Chandler has always the most caring one among Friends but his image is more sarcastic than caring. This episode is showing Chandler's love for Monica and his thoughtful considering for the baby's real mother. It is an episode that makes you fall in love with Chandler. Worth a watch closely.
/////Season 10 Episode 9A I have watched this episode more than a 100 times and ended up crying the same number of times. this has got to be the golden moment of the show.
/////Season 10 Episode 9A Monica and Chandler are going to Ohio to the adoption interview, and they meet Erica, the lady who is pregnant. Erica said that she liked their application, but she thinks that Monica is a reverend and Chandler is a doctor. Monica wants to adopt this baby whatever it takes, but Chandler thinks it is wrong to lie to Erica.

Joey set up a date with Phoebe's friend, Sarah. Phoebe didn't like the idea of introducing them, since Joey always slept with her friends and never called them back, but Joey promises that Sarah will be different. Joey enjoys Sarah company, but he gets irritated when Sarah takes his food from his plate, since ''Joey doesn't share food''.

Ross wants to look cool for Joan, a woman he has a date. She works for Hugo Boss and already said that didn't like Ross' way of dress, so Phoebe invites him to go with her and Rachel to shop. Rachel helps Ross to buy some new clothes, but she took one of Ross' bags by mistake, making him wear a woman's shirt she bought for herself.
/////Season 10 Episode 9A As he would later be the Creator/Executive Producer of the shows spin-off 'Joey' it was only natural that writer, Scott Silveri, chooses to put Joey in a story on his own away from the rest of the gang, to show audiences that he could work independently. The story line though is a bit silly, and although Matt LeBlanc's charm saves it, the character does seem to flit between smart/dim very quickly. This would be an issue that would occur throughout the previously mentioned spin-off too.

I loved Matthew Perry's speech at the end of the episode to Erica though, and it shows what a good dramatic actor Perry is when given a chance.

Monica's actions throughout were questionable though, as was the fact that Rachel's clothes fit Ross perfectly. On the whole this is a fun episode of the show.
/////Season 10 Episode 9A This episode has (at least) two completely illogical and impossible plot lines.

Rachel offers to help Ross with clothes shopping and Ross accidentally ended up with a bag of Rachel's clothes. And for some reason Rachel's clothes fit ROSS perfectly when he put them on, without even a slight stretch???

"Joey doesn't share food!" was to be something we suddenly discover about him in this episode, despite the fact that this was not true in about 30 previous episodes. And if that was exactly how things were and he didn't share food with babies or his friends or his dates and he didn't hide it, why did he not just tell his date that? Despite the glaring logical failures, however, the episode was not without its share of funny stuff.
/////Season 10 Episode 9A Monica is disgusting in this episode. Just like she usually is. Her trying to be a reverend to trick that girl into giving them her baby and not even agreeing with Chandler right away that it is wrong once again shows what a worthless human being she is. Chandler might have made a sweet speech at the end (good job writers), but this in no way can make one be happy that someone like her is happily married and will get a child. Well, Erika seems a little bit of a dumb character so this may explain her decision

Matthew Perry did a great job in this episode. Not just with the speech but also when he realizes Erika's mistake, you can see him struggling and feeling guilt. So well done!

The whole story of Joey doesn't make much sense yet it is the best story of the episode. Him being covered in chocolate cake when his date comes back and saying that he doesn't feel sorry is one of the funniest scenes in the episode
/////Season 10 Episode 10 Phoebe and Rachel see Chandler with a blonde in a car, and they think he is having an affair,specially because he lies about where he is when he is inside the car and the girls called him. Phoebe and Rachel follow them, and they arrive in a beautiful house in Westchester, where they stayed for 45 minutes waiting Chandler and the blonde.

The blond is Nancy, Monica's and Chandler's Realtor. They both are thinking about moving, since they don't want to raise their kid in the city.

All the Friends get upset with this decision, not only because New York is a big city full of options, but also because since Rachel and Ross raise their kids there, they don't understand why to raise a kid in a big city would be a problem.

Monica and Chandler made an offer to the house they liked, and they tell the Friends that their decision is for real and they are really going to move from New York.
/////Season 10 Episode 10 Another episode with flashbacks. And they were boring flashbacks, so it was a pretty dull episode. But what infuriates me about this episode is how unsupportive their "friends" are of their decision to buy a house and move on with their lives. They're getting a baby, and they want to raise it in a house. That's a pretty realistic dream, and Monica and Chandler should be excited to share it with everyone. Instead, they're scared to tell them, and rightly so because their "friends" end up crapping all over their exciting news. And then when Monica and Chandler describe the vision they have for their children, they're mocked and ridiculed. Ross says, "So you want to buy a house in the 50s." These people are 35 years old. They're not in high school anymore. This whole "being afraid of change" thing is ridiculously immature. They should be excited that their friends are buying a house. That is a huge life change. And they're only moving 45 minutes away. It's not like they're moving to North Korea. Also, it doesn't make sense that they would object so firmly to Monica and Chandler moving less than an hour away, but then immediately be supportive of Rachel moving to Paris (with the exception of Joey because he is a child). This episode is just tough to watch because it is another demonstration of how these mid-30-year-olds act like teenagers.
/////Season 10 Episode 10 I like the bit where they want a house in westchester just like in every New York show ever made
/////Season 10 Episode 10 Horrible episode The idea that Monica and Chandler are getting a house and moving away was pretty good for ending the show. Monica was always a selfish one who doesn't care about her friends and being around them and Chandler basically became her puppet. So it is a logical ending. But it is annoying to keep seeing that piece of trash getting everything she wants while being a despicable human being and other people being upset about it. Why would they even be upset, it is Monica going away and ruined Chandler, good riddance is what they should be saying Also unbelievable how they treated Chandler. OK, I can see Rachel, Phoebe and Ross going straight to Monica's side, but Joey? He won't even talk to his friend but right away assume that he is cheating and call him names? Hell, even if he was cheating Joey should be congratulating to get away from that nasty trap that Monica is.

And the rest of the episode are the flashbacks, so there is nothing good about it at all
/////Season 10 Episode 10 This episode doesn't initially look like it's going to be a flashback episode as there's a lot of new material in it.

Monica is her usual bossy, annoying self at times though, and I agree with the other reviewers who say they don't like how Chandler became so under the thumb in his marriage.

It is nice to see how the other friends deal with the couple's decision to move out of the apartment though, and this new material actually makes up for the ten minute section of flashback material in the middle.
/////Season 10 Episode 11 This is without a doubt one of the best episodes of friends. there are 3 different plots for characters and all are as funny as each other. and of course... there's Danny DeVito...
/////Season 10 Episode 11 Finally after a few bad episodes we get another good one!

Rachel organizes a very boring party for Phoebe. But luckily Phoebe is not one of those who believes that being adult means to never have fun. So we get a hilarious storyline with Danny DeVito as a stripper! And it is interesting to see Phoebe in this episode. It is basically her new ruined character fighting vs. the old Phoebe that I loved. First she is nasty to him, saying that he is too old, but then not only does she suggest to him to start teaching stripping so that he can pass on what he loves, but that he should also finish that dancing of his and she seems to really have fun while he does it! now this is Phoebe!

It is also great to see their memories from the college party when Rachel and Monica came as well. Chandler hitting on Rachel was great, and when he kisses her he tells her that he is in college and in a band and it is enough for her. And we also find out that Ross's first kiss with Rachel was in reality a kiss with Monica (hich was her first kiss). Great idea!
/////Season 10 Episode 11 Cameos in long running series can take you out of the story. This is not the case here filled with cameos and three different plots at the same time could have felt very different and not in tune with the normal friends episode instead it's filled with laughs right up the the reveal of the final 💋 kiss .
/////Season 10 Episode 11 Joey is gonna be a celebrity guest on a game show called PYRAMID, one of Ross' and Monica's favorite game shows of all. But Joey is very stupid and only brings problems to the guests he pairs with.

Phoebe has a bachelorette party organized by Monica and Rachel, but she stays so upset that she is only going to have tea, that Rachel decides to call a stripper. To Phoebe's disappointment, the stripper is a short middle age and non attractive guy, that makes her laugh instead of stay excited.

Chandler and Ross go to a college alumni reunion, where Ross ask Chandler permission to broke their university pact, a pact where neither Ross or Chandler could never date Missy Goldberg. Chandler allows Ross to break the pact, but in the reunion, while talking to Missy, Ross discovers that Chandler and her dated. When Ross confronts Chandler about what he did and about their pact, Chandler tells him that the only reason he dated Missy was because Ross kissed a girl that he liked, Adrienne.

Other funny revelations from the past are Monica's first kiss with Ross and Rachel kissing Chandler while they were in the college party.
/////Season 10 Episode 11 I like the bit with Danny de Vito in it. He looks like a cop but he's really a stripper
/////Season 10 Episode 11 As its the final series of the show its nice that the writers gave us as an audience the chance to have one last blast from the past and see Fat Monica, Rachel with her old nose one last time. And it amounts to a fun story that reveals some more things about the characters past.

Danny DeVito was a lot of fun as a crying stripper, and its a good example of the show being boosted by a guest star.

Again in preparation perhaps for his spin-off, Joey is again in a story without the rest of the gang, and although LeBlanc makes it work (just about) it's alarming quite how dim the writers were making the character at this point.

A good episode, written by creators Marta Kauffman and David Crane no less.
/////Season 10 Episode 11 This episode is from the 3-4 worst ones of the entire series..no theme was funny and especially the de vito's part was almost embarassing with no sense at all..

a 1/10 episode in a 10/10 series.
/////Season 10 Episode 12 I loved this episode! It was very touching and it's wonderful to see Phoebe allow herself to grow and change. Yes, she's quirky and "hippyish", but she was strong enough to realize that she did not have to put herself in a box. She wanted something in her life to be traditional and she did it! Mike is perfect for her, especially evident on a later episode when Phoebe wants to change her name. Monica is Monica but still likable--her relationship to the rest of the friends has always been a little more maternal and the others know that although she can be unbearable with her control issues, she is always there to help, support and cook for them!

The lingering question: Where is Phoebe's family? When she asks Joey to walk her down the aisle she explains her step-dad was in solitary because "stabbing ice man in the exercise yard just couldn't wait until Monday." But where are her birth mother, Frank, Alice and the triplets? They may have been prevented from attending the wedding by the blizzard but why didn't they attend the rehearsal dinner or why weren't the reasons for their absence explained? A the very least they should have been mentioned since even Phoebe's friend Marjorie, who will "shower when Tibet is free", was mentioned.
/////Season 10 Episode 12 I don't particularly understand the negative reviews, to be honest. To me, the episode is a call back to the entire series. Phoebe has always been a very "I can get by minimally" character until she got the job at the massage chain late in the series. This devolved from a big gorgeous wedding that Monica and Rachel wanted it to be from the episode where Mike proposes, to the beautiful simple wedding that the character of Phoebe is all about. From getting married in 6 inches of snow and to Joey officiating, it was the perfect Phoebe episode in so few Phoebe focused episodes. An excellent chapter to the last season of one of the ten best sitcoms of all time in my humble opinion.
/////Season 10 Episode 12 Phoebe wasn't the only one cross with Monica in this episode, I was! Must everything be 'according to Monica'; she was really, really bossy and controlling with everyone, I was so glad when Phoebe finally lost her temper and fired her. It's just too bad that Phoebe couldn't handle the rest of the arrangements herself and was forced to rehire the 'crazy bitch' again, who did not even apologize for her controlling behavior! Chandler and Ross were understandably hurt they weren't in the wedding party and the way they competed to be the last minute replacement groomsman was very funny. Joey took his role to be Phoebe's 'dad' a bit too seriously and it was rather irritating than funny.

And the big thing missing- Phoebe's family! Okay Lily is dead, Phoebe's step father is still in prison and Phoebe's twin Ursula probably wouldn't have come if Phoebe had invited her and we don't know if Phoebe kept in touch with Frank Senior after meeting him in Season 5. But what about her birth mother, Phoebe Senior; her brother Frank Junior and her sister-in-law Alice? Why weren't they present at the wedding? Why couldn't Frank Junior walk his sister down the aisle and the triplets being the little ring bearer and flower girls? This was a SERIOUS omission on the part of the writers and till now, I'm very disappointed in them. Phoebe discovered she had other family members besides her very odd twin in the previous episodes; so why weren't they present at her wedding, including the triplets? Phoebe's wedding, as touching as it was, was not complete with the missing family members hence I give this episode 4 out of 10.
/////Season 10 Episode 12 To be honest, I loved a couple episodes in 10th season. Like Ross's tan and of course the season finale. But this episode made me kind of dislike the way they portrayed each Friend. I know it's Phoebe's wedding, so she has a right to be angry at Monica for being so bossy (which is also way too drawn out, I wish they had shown Monica as slightly bossy but overall loving like she usually is), but I didn't like how Phoebe's character changed. I miss the old, hippie, adorable Phoebe of the first few seasons, and I hated that, at the beginning, she told Ross and Chandler that they're not a part of the wedding. She should've made them her "bridesmaids" it would've been adorable. I mean they've known each other for more than 10 years (since they were shown as all already being close friends in the Pilot episode) and Chandler told Phoebe FIRST when he planned on proposing to Monica. It was a little rude of her. Of course, Ross, Joey, and Chandler have their humorous moments which I love and Rachel is Rachel, but I did not like the way Monica is portrayed and the way Phoebe seemed so offhand about not having her two best friends in the wedding.
/////Season 10 Episode 12 Monica was very annoying here. I'll say that from the off. When she was obsessive and bossy but also sweet I liked her as a character. And sometimes the writers towards the end still wrote her like that. But more often than not she was just plain annoying and mean.

That aside though this is a lovely episode, with some nice moments. The actual wedding scene was great, and it was fitting that Phoebe should end up happy after all this time.

I liked the Ross and Chandler subplot, and Joey being the minister also provided some good laughs.

An annoying Monica aside this was a good episode.
/////Season 10 Episode 12 Phoebe is going to marry and she asks Joey to walk her down the aisle, since she always felt that Joey was protective with her, in a sort of a dad way. Joey feels touched with Phoebe's request and not only accepts it, but stays behaving like her father.

Monica is Phoebe's wedding planner, but she stresses Phoebe all the time with her controlling attitudes, and this makes Phoebe fire Monica. The only problem is that Phoebe cannot handle with her calls and commitments at the same time, and she doesn't even know how to properly organize a wedding.

There's a room for one groomsman in Mike's and Phoebe's wedding, since one of Mike's groomsmen had an emergency and will not make on time. Phoebe ask Rachel to choose between Ross and Chandler, and they both do all they can to participate of Phoebe's wedding.
/////Season 10 Episode 12 There is something strange with Phoebe and her romantic relationships, the last three seasons, in season 8, before Joey fell in love with Rachel, the series played with a romantic relationship between Joey and Phoebe, in season 9 Mike and David appeared ( Again), and I think that afterwards everything got out of control, don't get me wrong, Paul Rudd did an excellent performance in the series, but Mike as a character, I never liked it, and I think it was all too fast with Phoebe, in the end I felt that Mike and Phoebe never got a connection and they were like two strangers getting married, I think Phoebe must have at least had a love story with Joey, and in the end to have an open end, it would have been amazing
/////Season 10 Episode 12 A huge mistake by the writers here. Monica was horrible! And yet they make it so that Phoebe basically begs her to come back and Monica doesn't even apologize? What the hell is this? Someone who acted like Monica at her friend's wedding should not be rewarded! Monica was even feeling happy when Phoebe had problems, what kind of a friend is that?

Luckily besides this there were great things in the show so that it still was above average. Joey being all mafia was hilarious

And Ross and Chandler wanting to be part of the wedding was pretty good as well. It is especially good that they both ended up to be part of the wedding so Phoebe had all her friends involved
/////Season 10 Episode 12 Phoebe getting married is a big occasion. This could have gone down as a series favorite. However, controlling Monica ruins it to the point of the episode being virtually unwatchable. It wasn't funny, it was downright despicable. Major let down.
/////Season 10 Episode 12 I cannot bring myself to watch this episode let alone Season 10 of this long drawn-out, well past it's sell by date series.

"The One with Phoebe's Wedding" epitomized everything that was wrong with the decision to continue this franchise. I thought I really cared about these characters after watching the entire series from the beginning but obviously not enough as I have now officially denied the existence of season 10 and maybe 9, so I can remember the series as it was, which was a highly enjoyable, entertaining and hilarious show.

In this episode, the date has arrived for Phoebe and Mike's wedding, so tensions are high between both Phoebe and Monica (her maid of honor). So high in fact that during the rehearsal dinner, Monica gets fired for being too controlling. Rachel has her own problems after being forced to decide between both Ross and Joey as to who gives her away at her wedding. Eventually, Monica is rehired but a heavy blizzard jeopardises the chances of the wedding, but Rachel has the idea of the simple wedding she always wanted in the snow and Mike and Phoebe get married.

It's makes me wonder about the writers of the show, that did they think we completely loved these characters enough to ignore how annoying they had become, especially Monica who's extra weight was definitely showing (I know she was pregnant) meaning the quirky and lovable Monica was gone yet she acted the same way, and to be rewarded for her actions in this episode of bossing Phoebe around and acting all smug the entire time to getting rehired, definitely something wrong there.

Overall, an embarrassing episode and a weak season 10 which really didn't do the overall series justice.
/////Season 10 Episode 12 I like the bit where Chaos ensues as Phoebe and Mike prepare to get married.
/////Season 10 Episode 13 Joey was never the brightest, but at least on the first seasons he was kinda clever. And they somehow managed to turn him into a complete idiot. That's something I can't look away from. I give it three stars just because the rest of the cast's stories were good.
/////Season 10 Episode 13 I think the writers of 'Friends' do the character of Joey a massive disservice in this episode. He's always not been the brightest bulb in the circuit, but here they present him as being a total idiot. It's sadly a trait that would rear its ugly head again throughout LeBlanc's probably doomed from the start 'Joey' spin-off.

The Monica and Chandler story line was good fun, with Monica being toned down from how she was in the previous episode.

As we are now winding down towards the end of the show outright the Ross and Rachel relationship (or the potential of there being a relationship)rumbles back into life, in a sweet story.

Sometimes 'Friends' did stories that were beneath them, the Joey one in this episode is a good example.
/////Season 10 Episode 13 What could have been a good episode was completely ruined by the ridiculous subplot of Joey thinking he is speaking French. In the whole process from writing to shooting, surely someone could see how farcical that was. Five stars for the others.
/////Season 10 Episode 13 The 10th season of FRIENDS was running on fumes creatively, and I was not a fan of Joey's descent into madness since Las Vegas, but his pure butchering of the French language as he tries to learn basic French phrases from Phoebe is comedy gold and might be his funniest individual moment since he explained "a moo point." I also thorough enjoyed Chandler rediscovering NY as a tourist, buying I LOVE NY shirts and Statue of Liberty crowns and realizing how awesome the city is. I think at some point, we all kind of have an epiphany about our towns when we discover a restaurant or club or bar that has been where it's been FOREVER and we just discover it. And of course, Ross and Rachel coin another phrase - "off the table" - about having sympathy sex. I thinking back over all the seasons and realize how much Ross and Rachel taught EVERYONE about the rules of relationships and POST-RELATIONSHIP interactions. "Bonus night" being one of them. "On a break" naturally. I'd have to say this episode is a highlight of season 10. "Good job, little buddy."
/////Season 10 Episode 13 My least favorite episode, Joey speaking French was the stupidest episode of the show, it was just a filler for a character!
/////Season 10 Episode 13 A pretty decent episode. Rachel's father having a heart attack and Ross going with her to the hospital was pretty good. I liked how he woke up Dr. Green by putting his feet on his bed. It was a great scene, they both acted very well and there were great lines

Later it is also good when Ross goes to "Rachel Green's room", he acts like he is still in high school

I also liked the story of Erika not being sure who the father is: the guy who went to college or the one who went to prison for killing his father. Chandler freaking out was just great

The story of Joey speaking french is neither great nor bad. It bis pretty silly and made me laugh, but it wasn't very well thought through
/////Season 10 Episode 13 I like the bit where Joey speaks French. Or something like that
/////Season 10 Episode 13 Joey asks Phoebe's help to learn his lines in french, since he has an audition and his résumé tells he's fluent in the language. Since Phoebe is fluent in french, she tries to help Joey to learn, but he is too stupid and doesn't understand a single word Phoebe says.

Erica is coming to New York since she wants to see the tourist spots and Monica and Chandler want to know her better. They also are curious to know who is the baby's father, and when Erica says that there is a possibility to be a prisoner who killed his father, Chandler stays paranoid.

Rachel arrives late to bring Emma to Ross, and tells that her father had a heart attack. Ross goes with her to the hospital to make her company, but sadly, for him, he needs to see Rachel's dad. (Ross doesn't like Rachel's father and vice versa)

Later, when they both go to Rachel's old house, she tries to kiss Ross, but he refuses it, since he doesn't want problems with Rachel.
/////Season 10 Episode 13 Ross and Rachel finally had some progress..... That's basically the only thing that kept me watching this show for the last three seasons. And for that reason, I give this episode a 8/10.

As for Joey, I just want to say I agree with Phoebe: he does seem retarded. But Joey's stupidity has long since stopped bothering me anymore. Just don't care that much about him.
/////Season 10 Episode 13 Classic scene where Joey drinks a gallon of milk in 10 seconds . . .
/////Season 10 Episode 13 They made joey so much stupid. like he has a mental disability.
/////Season 10 Episode 13 1 Star for this.

How did Joey end up this STUPID? It's not funny.

Joey = No actual character development
/////Season 10 Episode 14 Rachel is going to have a meeting with Gucci officer in a restaurant, but her boss from Ralph Lauren is very close to her table, what makes her not only have her interview ruined, but also lost her job in Ralph Lauren.

Ross has great news to tell the friends: He is up for tenure. When he comes to celebrate and open champagne with the Friends, Rachel starts to cry and tells Ross that she was fired.

Monica admits to Phoebe that she never changed her last name to Bing. Phoebe is thinking about using Mike's last name, Flannigan. However,When she is in the Register Office,she discovers that she can change her whole name and changes her name to Princess Consuela Bananahammock.

Chandler and Monica ask Joey to go see their new house, since he is the only Friend who refused to go there. Joey accepts the invitation, but he tries to make Monica and Chandler give up the House pointing a lot of problems that doesn't really exist.
/////Season 10 Episode 14 Rachel goes to a restaurant to a new job interview, where also meets his boss. His boss, besides ruining her interview, she also fired from her current job.

Ross wants to celebrate the news with their friends, but through its holding Rachel begins to mourn and tells Ross that was fired from her job (I loved that scene).

Phoebe planned to use the last name of Mike, but when will changed the name, seeing it can be any name she choose be the "Princess Consuela Bananahammock".

Monica tells Phoebe that she never changed her name to "Bing".

Monica and Chandler take Joey to see which is their new home, and Joey said that there are many problems in their new home
/////Season 10 Episode 14 I love how Phoebe changed her name! This is so her! Such a crazy and fun name as well. And Mike did a good job at convincing her to change it again. I would also like to add that it was awesome to see Craig Robinson as the clerk. He is now having a part in The Office and I think that he is great

The story with Rachel's interview and how she ended up being fired because of it was pretty good as well. And what came out of it was even better. So good to see Mark helping her with getting a job again. And Ross didn't recognize him, that was awesome! And it got better when Rachel tells him that it is Mark. We see him all acting jealous again, like Chandler said "It is seven years ago!". It really gives one a sweet nostalgic feeling, which is good so close to the ending of the show

The story with the house wasn't so good. And there was Dakota Fanning. People keep on saying she is a great child actor, well I never saw her in anything but this and I must say she was very bad
/////Season 10 Episode 14 Ha ha. I laughed along with the laugh track to the bit that was supposed to be funny
/////Season 10 Episode 14 It was lovely that this episode saw Phoebe and Mike have a story to themselves, now as a married couple. Lisa Kudrow and Paul Rudd have such sweet chemistry and I enjoyed this story.

With the show now winding down towards its ultimate conclusion it was no surprise that the Ross/Rachel relationship began to whirl into life again, with a change in Rachel's employment also being a sign of where we are going.

It was nice to see Joey wanting things to stay the same, what with all the changes that have been going on for the gang of late.

A nice episode of a show that's clearly winding down.
/////Season 10 Episode 15 Rachel gets a job in Paris thanks to Marc. The job is great, but Rachel will need to live in another country, letting all the Friends behind. Everybody stay sad with the idea, and Ross wants Rachel living in New York, so he goes to talk with Rachel's ex boss in Ralph Lauren, asking him to give her job back. Ross tries to buy favors from Rachel's ex boss, offering a lot of interesting things to his son, that loves paleontology and also is called Ross.

Phoebe is reading the obituaries and sees Estelle's name in there. She knows that Joey is going to be sad if he discovers what happened, so she asks the Friends to not tell anything to Joey.

Monica and Chandler are in their future new house, and they go to the house next door , since she is on sale, to see if it good or not. Once there, they meet Janice, who is interested to buy the house and be their new neighbor.
/////Season 10 Episode 15 Although this can't be classed as a backdoor pilot, this was the closest that 'Friends' ever got to helping set up its spin-off 'Joey', as the actors agent is killed off here.

Yes, with the help of caller ID nowadays this story line falls a bit flat, but hey, it's well performed by Matt LeBlanc and Lisa Kudrow.

Maggie Wheeler makes her customary once a season appearance, and it's nice that there's some closure between her character, Janice, and Chandler.

Ross's actions were a bit questionable, but you buy into it because you know that deep down him and Rachel are meant to be together.

A nice episode overall, with three strong stories.
/////Season 10 Episode 15 The best part of this episode is Ross trying to get Rachel her job back so that she doesn't go to Paris. He is so great in his conversation with Zelner. How he finds out that his kid's name is Ross and he loves dinosaurs, and how he suggest that he can take little Ross to the museum at night and let him touch everything he wants. Absolutely great

It was also awesome to see Janice once again! And it was fun to see Chandler being all scared that she will be his new neighbour! Too bad they got out of it, this would have been a great idea for a new show: the Bings and Janices in the suburbia!

Joey's story how Estelle died was also pretty good especially when he thinks that Estelle's ghost is calling him
/////Season 10 Episode 15 Good episodes. A funny situation occurs which results in many subsequent jokes
/////Season 10 Episode 16 And so we are almost at the end....In this episode Rachel says goodbye to all her friends during her party. Those are very sweet and at the same time funny. Like the one when her and Monica are crying to each other. And Ross's reaction to not getting a personal good bye was pretty good!

We also get laughs from the mysterious handcuffs found in Rachel's old room. I like how Phoebe was criticizing them for not being good enough and the answer to who they belong to was pretty great as well

And we get a good ending that makes us wait for the big finale. Erica is in labour and Rachel and Ross kiss
/////Season 10 Episode 16 Rachel is decided to go to Paris and already packed everything. She wants to say goodbye to all the Friends one by one. Ross stays upset that he is the only one who doesn't receive a personal goodbye, and he confronts Rachel about her attitude. She says that saying goodbye to him is the hardest thing to do, and they end up sleeping together.

Erica comes to New York, since in two weeks she will not be able to travel. Monica and Chandler are packing their things too, since they are moving to their new house very soon. While looking in the closets, Chandler finds handcuffs and stays upset thinking they are from Monica. They all stay thinking to who the handcuffs belongs, but they discover that they were from Monica's grandmother.

Erica starts to feel labor pains. The baby is coming and they run to the hospital.
/////Season 10 Episode 16 This is a nice episode, albeit a very sentimental one, as each of the characters (except Ross) say goodbye to Rachel.

It's a shame we never got to see Joey's chat with her, though. I know time is tight in an episode, and they probably didn't want to make it too sentimental, but I would've liked to have seen that.

It builds to a fairly predictable finale, especially when you consider that the next episodes are the last, but this is a good episode.
/////Season 10 Episode 16 The second last episode. I can't wait for the last one